
                                     CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                        625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
           MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                      THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 2023
                                                   7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St.                        Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, January 12, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City
Hall and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
    Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present           Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
     Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                 Alderman Robin Huels - Present
    Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present               Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
    Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                  Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop - via Zoom Videoconference









                                             Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                       January 12, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
      Mayor       Maurath       shared     the   City    sent    letters    to officials      in   Jefferson      City expressing the             City's
      disappointment and confusion regarding HB                               1662 and requested that the legislators make it a
      priority to revisit HB 1662; the City received responses from two (2) ofthe officials (Governor Parson
      and Attorney General Eric Schmitt). The City also sent this letter to the newly seated Missouri House
      of Representative Brad Christ. Representative Christ responded via telephone call stating he has
      begun work with Representative Falkner who is in opposition of the Bill and will continue to
      review it.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
      There were no public comments.

Alderman Harrell made a motion to move Planning and Zoning topics next on the agenda. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.                      Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT-Aid Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval, unless otherwise noted.
•     Announcement:
      ❖ The Planning and Zoning Commission will hold a workshop in advance of the February 7, 2023
            meeting at 6:00 p.m. to continue discussion of amendments to the Comprehensive Plan.

•    The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
      ❖ Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-01: A Petition by Best Box MO Gravois, LLC
           for a Special Use Permit to operate a Self-Storage Facility at 747 Gravois Road. The property is
            zoned "C-1" Commercial District.

           Conditions of Approval:
            1.   Approval of this Special Use Permit (SUP) is solely for Best Box Fenton MO Gravois, LLC to
                 operate a Self-Storage Facility at 747 Gravois Road. However, if construction has not occurred
                 within one (1) year of the issuance of this SUP the same will be null and void.
           2.    Access to the facility via a keypad/passcode will be limited to between the hours of 6:00 a.m.
                 and 10:00 p.m.
           3.    Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

      ❖ Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-02: A Petition by Tonja Matthias of First Stop
           Chiropractic, LLC for a Special Use Pennit to operate a Medical Office at 558 Gravois Road, Suite
           201. The property is zoned "OT-2" Olde Towne District.

           Conditions of Approval:
            1.   Approval of the Special Use Permit is for First Stop Chiropractic, LLC to operate a Medical
                 Office at 558 Gravois Road, Suite 210, as indicated on the plans provided with the application
                 and dated December 2, 2022.
           2.    Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

           The Petitioner, Tonja Matthias, was present to answer any questions. There were no questions.



                                                                                    2
                                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                            January 12, 2023

❖ Approval, with additional amendments, of CASE 2023-TXT-0 1: Consideration of amendments
     to the City's Zoning             Code    to   comply      with    recent    amendments          to the    Missouri      Constitution
     regarding medical and recreational marijuana use regulations.

     The approval included the recommendation that Dispensary Facilities be allowed by Special Use
     Permit ONLY in the "C-1" Commercial District as indicated under Exhibit A (that was available
    for review.).

     Alderman Huels shared the Planning and Zoning Commission recommended to remove "HP-I"
     and "OT-2" districts and only allow in "C-1 ". Alderman Huels recommended the Board consider
     adding "HP-1" and "OT-2" districts back in as an allowed use by a Special Use Permit. She further
     stated that the Commission removed from those districts with concerns of long lines.

     Alderman Jokerst expressed she is in favor Dispensary Facilities being allowed by Special Use
     Permit in "HP-1" and "OT-2" districts as well.

     Mayor Maurath shared he is a voting member of the Planning and Zoning Commission, but after
     consideration, he agrees. After reviewing, he feels "OT-2" district would be a good use for this
     consideration as well as "HP-1 ".

     Alderman Maserang expressed he has concerns about adding "HP-1" as an allowed district due to
     concerns of close proximity of hotels.

     Alderman Jokerst suggested Staff review other districts this use would be appropriate in as well.

     Mayor Maurath shared Staff originally recommended "HP-1", "OT-2", and "C-1" and further
     suggested discussion for other districts could be a future consideration.

    Alderman Huels made a motion to amend Planning and Zoning Commissions recommendation to
     include "HP-I" and "OT-2" districts for Dispensary Facilities allowed by Special Use Permit. The
     motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.

    Alderman         Clauss     asked     Community         Development          Director     Amy      Starck     her   opmton       of the
    amendment to add "HP-1" and "OT-2" districts. Community Development Director Amy Starck
    shared it is Staffs recommendation to allow Dispensary Facilities by Special Use Permit in "HP-
     1", "OT-2", and "C-I" districts, mirroring the same as currently allowed uses in these districts for
    Medical Marijuana Dispensaries and liquor stores. Alderman Clauss inquired if she had any other
    district recommendations. Community Development Director Amy Starck stated at this time Staff
    did not have additional district recommendations.

    Alderman Harrell asked Planning and Zoning Commission Member Deb Abbott, in attendance at
    the meeting, her consideration. Planning and Zoning Commission Member Deb Abbott shared after
    further consideration and listening to discussion at this meeting, she agrees with amendment to
    include "HP-I" and "OT-2" districts for Dispensary Facilities to be allowed by Special Use Permit
    as recommended by Staff. She noted this is why the review process is in place.

    Alderman Maserang noted for the record he has concerns adding "HP-1" as an allowed district due
    to concerns of use of hotels for long term residency.


                                                                          3
                                                      Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                  January 12, 2023

      Upon the roll being called, the Board ofAldermen voted as follows:

                 Alderman Cruts                  Aye                     Alderman Clauss                   Aye
                 Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                               Alderman Huels                    Aye
                 Alderman Wisbrock               Nay                     Alderman Maserang                 Aye
                 Alderman Harrell                Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                 Aye

     It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board ofAldermen.

     Alderman Jokerst made a motion to have Staff investigate other potential zoning districts areas.
     The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss.                          Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that
     the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

Andrew Lammert, 1444 Royal Gate Drive, St. Louis MO 63141, gave an overview of proposal for
CASE 2023-SUP-03. Mr. Lammert shared that they have applied for their comprehensive license with
the State to operate a Comprehensive Marijuana Dispensary Facility. He has reviewed the proposed
ordinance and currently their operations are in compliance with the proposed ordinance. Mr. Lammert
expressed they extensively discussed potential traffic lines and how that will be managed at the
Planning and Zoning Commission meeting to not obstruct neighboring business. He also feels traffic
lines will a temporary issue for at least the first forty-five ( 45) to sixty ( 60) days but will not be a
permanent issue and noted they can stack around fifty (50) people in the lobby and due to the location
they can wrap any lines along the back of the building to not obstruct neighboring businesses. Mr.
Lammert also shared the State has very stringent regulations. He is an officer with LSL Management,
LLC and a lawyer with McCarthy, Leonard & Kaemmerer and ensure the business is in compliance.

Mayor Maurath shared Mr. Lammert stated at the Planning and Zoning Commission meeting they will
be using a queuing system to help minimize the flow of customers.

❖ Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-03: A Petition by Kind Goods Fenton, LLC, for
     a Special Use Permit to operate a Comprehensive Marijuana Dispensary Facility at 180 Gravois
     Bluffs Circle, Suite B. The property is zoned "C-1" Commercial District.

     Conditions of Approval:
     l.    This    Special     Use    Permit approval          is solely     for   Kind    Goods      Fenton,      LLC to operate          a
           Comprehensive          Marijuana Dispensary Facility at                  180 Gravois        Bluffs Circle, Suite          B,   in
           compliance with Chapter 430, Article IX of the Zoning Code.
     2.    Proof of State Licensing, as required under Section 430.680 of the Zoning Code, must be
           provide     to   the    Community         Development          Director      before     an   Occupancy         Permit     for   a
           Comprehensive Marijuana Dispensary for Kind Goods Fenton, LLC will be issued for the
           subject location.
     3.    Proposed interior renovations to the subject location will require a separate Building Permit.
     4.    No lines may obstruct neighboring business entrances commencing six (6) weeks after the
          commencement of recreation sales.
     5.   The City will inspect the property within six (6) weeks of commencement ofrecreational sales
          to ensure compliance with the Special Use Permit.
     6.   Owners and employees will notify police if any marijuana usage on or around the premises is
          observed.
     7.   Reasonable efforts will be made to operate software to allow queueing away from the facility.
     8.   Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.


                                                                          4
                                                      Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                  January 12, 2023

Alderman Huels stated she disagrees with condition #6, Owners and employees will notify police
if any marijuana usage on or around the premises is observed. She feels that condition is not a
restriction on other businesses.

Alderman Jokerst inquired on condition #4, No lines may obstruct neighboring business entrances
commencing six (6) weeks after the commencement of recreation sales. She feels should be
amended from "no lines may" to "reasonable effort to not". #5, The City will inspect the property
within six (6) weeks of commencement of recreational sales to ensure compliance with the Special
Use Permit. She inquired if City did this for other businesses, and                               if not, suggested removing
condition. #6, she agrees with Alderman Huels and suggested removing condition.

Alderman Wisbrock expressed he feels #4 should stay as recommended. Alderman Bereitschaft
expressed he feels #4 may be remedied with queuing system and condition could be removed.

Kyle Lenzen, 785 West Oak Drive, St. Louis MO 63126 shared as he has worked with Grewe
family since 2004 and he leased most of the Gravois Bluffs spaces to the tenants, he has a vested
interest and is more focused to keep tenants in those spaces than he is in continuing his dispensary
business. If there are complaints from neighboring tenants, their operations will change.

Alderman Jokerst made a motion to amend recommendation by removing conditions #4, #5, and
#6. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.

Alderman Clauss shared she agrees they should not be allowed to obstruct neighboring businesses
at any time. She feels ifthere is an obstruction customers will stop using business to avoid traffic.

City Attorney Erin See le shared she is in favor of #4, if another applicant would come forward that
has limited space that would cause traffic obstruction, the condition is already in place and they
would not be singled out. She believes it is a reasonable condition related to the use. Planning and
Zoning Commission recommended this condition to protect the businesses from obstruction.

Alderman Clauss asked City Attorney Erin Seele if she was in favor of #4 and the six (6) week
commencement. City Attorney Erin Seele shared if the petitioner is confident there will not be
obstruction, the six (6) week commencement term could be removed. Alderman Huels suggested
removing "commencing six (6) weeks after".

Alderman Huels rescinded her second. Alderman Jokerst rescinded her first.

Alderman Bereitschaft inquired what drove condition for #5. City Attorney Erin Seele explained it
is to ensure compliance with the Special Use Permit, mainly condition #4.

Discussion ensued with how to enforce #6. City Attorney Erin Seele stated Amendment 3 did not
legalize public consumption of marijuana. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner stated conditions in
Special Use Permits are reasons the Special Use Permit could be revoked if not in compliance and
questioned enforceability of #6.              Captain Lawson expressed per the Statute marijuana is not to be
consumed in a public place such as a parking lot or a park. They would be cited for consuming in
public.

Alderman Maserang asked Petitioner if they agreed to all eight (8) conditions at the Planning and
Zoning Commission meeting. Mr. Lammert and Mr. Lenzen replied yes.


                                                                     5
                                                 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                             January 12, 2023

           Mayor Maurath shared it is the duty ofthe Community Development/Code Enforcement to perform
           annual inspections on businesses with Special Use Permits to ensure they are still in compliance
           with their Special Use Permit.

           After discussion, Alderman Jokerst made                       a   motion     to   amend recommendation                by   removing
           commencing six (6) weeks from condition #4 and remove in whole conditions #5 and #6. The
           motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.

           Planning and Zoning Commission Member Deb Abbott shared there was a lot of discussion of #6
           at the Planning and Zoning Commission meeting, especially with the neighboring restaurants and
           the Petitioner agreed to the conditions.

           Alderman Clauss inquired if there will be an owner on site when business is open. Mr. Lammert
           stated there will be management that also works in their corporate office on site when the business
           is open and further shared it is part of their company policy and standard operating procedures to
           notify police if any marijuana usage on or around the premises is observed.

           Upon the roll being called, the Board ofAldermen voted as follows:

                      Alderman Cruts                   Aye                     Alderman Clauss                   Aye
                      Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                                Alderman Huels                    Aye
                      Alderman Wisbrock                Nay                     Alderman Maserang                Nay
                      Alderman Harrell                Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                 Aye

           It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Other items from the Community Development Department:
     ❖ Consideration of CASE 2023-PLT-01: A Petition by US Capital Development for a Boundary
           Adjustment Plat for Lots E-2 and E-3 of Fenton Logistics Park Plat Seven.                                        The parcels are
           zoned "PID" Planned Industrial Development.
           On November 22, 2021, under Case 2021-SPR-04, the Board approved Site Plan Review of two
           (2)   flex   warehouse/distribution           buildings ("Buildings            6A    and    6B"),    containing       124,700      and
           158,760 square feet respectively, west of Fenton Logistics Park Boulevard and south of Assembly
           Parkway on Lot E of Fenton Logistics Park Plat 4. On January 27, 2022 , via Ordinance 4190, the
           Board approved a Subdivision and Boundary Adjustment Plat for existing Lot E, creating three (3)
           new lots: E-1, E-2, and E3 of Fenton Logistics Park Plat 7. On July 28, 2022, under Case 2022-
           SPR-03, the Board approved Site Plan Review of a 138,000-square-foot flex building ("Building
          6C").

           During the County building permit review for Building 6C (located on Lot E-3), it came to light
          that the planned          usage/designation/size of the              building requires the building to                 be located a
           minimum of sixty ( 60) feet from adjacent parcels. As currently designed, the building sits fifty ( 50)
          feet from      the internal common lot line with Building 6B (located on Lot E-2) already under
          construction. In order to satisfy the requirements of the County, the Petitioner is requesting a
           Boundary Adjustment as indicated on the Plat submitted with the application and dated January 3,
          2023.

          Community Development Director Amy Starck explained requirements. Staff found no issues or
          concerns with request.


                                                                               6
                                                            Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                       January 12, 2023

           It is noted that the Petitioner is also proposing to change the name of William Long Boulevard to
           "Phorm Way." At this time, the street is a private street and has not been accepted by the City;
           therefore,     the   Petitioner     is responsible       notifying     the   Assessor's       Office    and/or     recording     any
           necessary documents with St. Louis County for the proposed change. It is also noted by Staff that
           approval of this Boundary Adjustment will require an amendment to Exhibit C of Ordinance 4227
           amending Ordinance 4002 Master Zoning Ordinance for Fenton Logistics Park.

           The    above     referenced      plat   was    found     in   compliance       with    CHAPTER           440:   SUBDIVISION
           REGULATIONS,               SECTION          440.060       Boundary        Adjustment        Plat,    and     does     not   require
           recommendation by the Planning and Zoning Commission. Accordingly, the only action required
           is approval by the Board of Aldermen.

           Based on the above, should the Board consider approving the requested Boundary Adjustment Plat,
           Staff suggests the following conditions of approval:

                 I.   Per Section 440.060(D) of the Zoning Code, the Petitioner shall provide a minimum of
                      three (3) copies (two (2) paper copies and one (1) Mylar) of the plat to the Community
                      Development Department for signature by the Director and City Clerk.
                 2.   The Petitioner shall be responsible for recording the Boundary Adjustment Plat with the
                      St. Louis County Recorder of Deeds within sixty (60) days after the signing of the plat and
                      return three (3) copies of the recorded plat to the City. If any recorded plat is not filed
                      within this period, the approval shall expire.
                 3.   An amendment to Exhibit C of Ordinance 4227, amending Ordinance 4002 Master Zoning
                      Ordinance for Fenton Logistics Park will be required.
                 4.   Compliance with all other applicable Ordinances of the City of Fenton.

           The Petitioner, Jacob Bueing, was present-via Zoom Videoconference and shared the request is due
           to the odd shape ofthe parcel to fit the building and parking the tenant is requesting to build within
           the space.

           City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner clarified the maintenance of the private street "Phorm Way"
           was the responsibility of the developer and further inquired if the developer had any plans to
           dedicate the private street to the City in the future and Mr. Bueing replied they maintain the street
           and they do not have any interest in dedicating it to the City.

           Alderman Harrell           made a      motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the
           consideration of CASE 2023-PLT-0I as discussed. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.
           Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board
           of Aldermen.

Alderman Jokerst made a motion to move Health and Safety topics next on the agenda. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.                  Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid. Jokerst, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
•    Discussion regarding the Yarnell Creek and Meramec River Flood Studies in partnership with
     the US Army Corp of Engineers.
     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained the Yarnell study was for further discussion as to what
     action items the City may want to take from the study. It is an information planning study document
     regarding flash flooding within that area. Postcards have been sent to the property owners along Yarnell
     Creek informing them the study is available at City Hall, announcement was in the newsletter, and is

                                                                               7
                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                       January 12, 2023

also available on the city's website. After review of the document, there were no action items that were
a cost benefit to the City and this study does not lead to a construction project with the Corps. Most
action items were the property owner's responsibilities and maintenance needs. Mayor Maurath shared
the Yarnell Creek study cost was $125,000 for the planning study.

City Administrator Nikki                Finkbiner explained the              Meramec River Flood                Study     is a   Continuing
Authorities Program (CAP). Once the study is completed, the plan can be moved forward into design
and construction and with the CAP program and does not need additional authorization. The cost of the
feasibility study is $500,000.                Matt Jones with the U.S.                Army Corp of Engineers (USACE)                        has
expressed they feel levies are not a feasible option for the City of Fenton, however elevated buildings
and mitigation buy out may be a feasible option.

Matt Jones, Project Manager explained the Yarnell Creek Study is a planning study/analysis only and
is not part of a Federal project; it provides cost benefits, environmental aspects, buy out options,
considerations for dredging the creek, expanding the channel, detention basin opportunities, real estate
constraints, and flood proofing items for property owners. Mr. Jones explained the Meramec Flooding
Feasibility       Study      addresses        cultural      mitigation,       environmental          mitigation,       and      has    federal
implementation funding for the action items.

Public Works Director Dan Howard shared he supports the Meramec River Flood Study, primarily
areas north of Highway 44.

Alderman Jokerst asked if USACE was working with other surrounding communities. Mr. Jones stated
they are currently conducting a CAP feasibility study with the City of Eureka and they are looking at
several options including levies. The City of Eureka has a vision and is very supportive to levies and
that analysis will take additional time to complete the study. Also, the City of Pacific study will be
starting in the near future. There will be a public scoping engagement opportunity coming up in
February for the City of Fenton to kick off the study. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner asked if there
will be an opportunity for public engagement when the study is                                    proposed. Mr. Jones replied yes
possibility in July, per the tentative selected plan, after the alternatives have been narrowed down to
one (I) the is the most economically feasible and the City agrees to it, then two (2) months after
selection a draft report will b~ written, and public review period will be scheduled. City Administrator
Nikki Finkbiner inquired if the City of Eureka had gone through that process yet. Mr. Jones replied
they had the public scoping engagement, but as their study is complex with their desire to                                               build
levies,there are a lot more design efforts with the City of Eureka and their design firm. He anticipates
the City of Fenton study to be completed before the City of Eureka study. City Administrator Nikki
Finkbiner requested the City of Fenton have availability to review City of Eureka's draft study due to
their desire for levies.

Alderman        Jokerst      inquired      if Fenton       worked       with     Kirkwood,         Sunset     Hills,    and     surrounding
communities. Public Works Director Dan Howard explained each municipality is their own flood plain
manager and each communicates but does not seek authorization on flood plain management.

Alderman Wisbrock inquired if levies were built upstream, would it put a flood stress on Fenton. Mr.
Jones shared there are state regulations, flood plain regulations, and no rise restriction polices. That is
why there is a model requirement for the upstream and downstream effects. Alderman Jokerst asked if
upstream effects caused the City of Fenton issues after the study is completed, would a new study be
required or would the City obtain updates. Mr. Jones replied no, the review is conducted with existing
conditions and compare with future conditions with a series of different alternatives.

Mayor Maurath inquired on USACE thoughts on the Meramec Basin change on flooding after the

                                                                            8
                                                        Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                    January I 2, 2023

         installation of the Valley Park levy. Mr. Jones shared that they initiated the Silver Jackets project in
         2018 (lower Meramec Flood Plain Management Plan). That project looks at a more regional approach
         and made suggestions based on a Meramec Basin wide approach. The City of Fenton and the City of
         Arnold have been very robust in their flood plain management.

         Alderman Wisbrock asked Mr. Jones if the three (3) studies could be released at the same time. Mr.
        Jones replied they are bound due to timing and funding constraints. Mr. Jones stated they can make
        sure surrounding municipalities are informed when draft reports are released for public comments.

•       Consideration of a request by Waste Connections for a rate increase under the existing contract.
        Mayor Maurath                          noted that               Waste Connections                             requested               that their             item/request on this evening's
        agenda be removed.

•       Request               to apply                for       the       2023          Managed                  Deer Hunt                    through               the       Missouri Department                                    of
        Conservation (MDC).
        Staff is seeking permission to apply for the 2023 Managed Deer Hunt through the Missouri Department
        of Conservation (MDC) by the application deadline at the end of January of 2023. If approved the
        application would be similar to that approved for the 2021                                                                               and 2022 Managed Hunts, as indicated
        below.

        •        Location - Fabick Nature Preserve (Note: Fabick Nature Preserve contains a total of 125 acres, of
                 which 75 acres will be utilized for the hunts).
        •        Number of Hunters- Due to the size of the property, no more than ten (10) hunters will be drawn
                 for the hunts.
        •        Pre-Hunt Orientation - A pre-hunt orientation by MDC will be required for all hunters.
        •        Deer Harvest Limit - The hunt will                                                        have a three (3) deer harvest limit, with the following
                 restrictions: only one (1) antlered deer allowed, the first deer harvested must be antlerless.
        •        Hunt Area Closure - Due to the size of the property, the Fabick Nature Preserve will be closed
                 during the hunts.
        •        Cooperation with Local Law Enforcement - Before the hunts, the City will engage cooperation
                 with the St. Louis County Police Department, Fenton Precinct, and create clear protocol.
        ■        Dates for the Hunts:
                                                                           th                                                                    th
                 o        Thursday, October 12                                  through Monday, October 16                                            (this avoids conflicts with Halloween
                          and disruption by leaf pick-up operations).
                                                                              nd                                                                       th
                 o        Thursday, November 2                                     through Monday, November 6                                               (this avoids conflicts with election
                          day, Thanksgiving, Annual Lighting Ceremony, etc.).
                                                                            th                                                                           th
                 o        Thursday, December 4                                   through Thursday, December 14                                               (this is the longest duration, as the
                          weather conditions will limit the use of the park by others, but also only closes the park for one
                          (1) weekend).

        Alderman Cruts inquired                                     if the hunts could be year-round. Mayor Maurath replied no, there are
        regulated hunting seasons.

        Alderman Wisbrock inquired who sets the number of harvest limit and hunters. City Administrator
       Nikki Finkbiner replied harvest limits per hunter are set by MDC. Public Works Director Dan Howard
        shared MDC recommended reducing the number of hunters after the first year from twenty (20) to ten
       (10) hunters for safety as only wooded areas are hunting areas.




                                                                                                                              9
                                                                                               Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                 January 12, 2023

     Alderman Wisbrock suggested inquiring if there could be additional hunts and additional hunters to
     make more effective. Alderman Maserang agreed if there was an opportunity to make hunt more
     effective to take advantage of it.

     Alderman Jokerst made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the request to
     apply for the 2023 Managed Deer Hunt through the Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) and
     inquire if the number of hunters can be increased and if additional hunts can be added. The motion was
     seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
     by the Committee with Alderman Jokerst voting nay.

POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid. Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
    There were no items for discussion.

Alderman Cruts made a motion to move Finance topics next on the agenda. The motion was seconded by
Alderman Wisbrock.       Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
by the Board of Aldermen.

FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokerst)
•   November 30, 2022, Monthly Financial Report.
    Alderman Cruts summarized the monthly financial report. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop shared
    the revised report corrected the clerical error in Storm Water/Parks fund, the previous month actuals
    updated from September to October totals, there were no changes in other column totals.

•   Discussion regarding the General Fund and Parks and Stormwater Fund.
    City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared there has been discussion and request that Staff research
    reimbursement for staffing time spent on Storm Water/Parks that is not allocated or expensed to Storm
    Water/Parks Fund and the ability to recoup that expense to the General Fund. After discussion with the
    Financial Consultant and the City Attorney, a reimbursement could be from the Storm Water/Parks
    Fund non-restricted such as events, activities, rentals, and concessions. It would be the difference or a
    part of the revenues less expenses and approved through the Budget. Currently that difference is
    transferred to the Capital Fund and earmarked for projects.

    Alderman Wisbrock inquired if Public Works Director time spent on supervising Storm Water/Parks
    items could be directly allocated to Storm Water/Parks Fund. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
    explained the difficulty to track, as that position is salary and does not submit timecard for job tracking
    allocation as do the other positions that are addressing Storm W~ter/Parks items. Financial Consultant
    Tammy Alsop shared hourly paid positions submit a timecard so that their time can be allocated and
    expensed directly to the Storm Water/Park Fund.

    Following discussion, Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen
    meeting the consideration of a review for reimbursement from the Storm Water/Parks Fund non-
    restricted overage at year end to the General Fund to recoup expense of staffing time spent on Storm
    Water/Parks that is not allocated or expensed to Storm Water/Parks Fund. The motion was seconded
    by Alderman Wisbrock.

    Mike Abbott, 1526 Bent Oak Ridge Drive, Fenton MO 63026 expressed the discussion involving funds
    the voters voted to be designated to the Storm Water/Park efforts. City Administrator clarified the
    discussion refers to the non-restricted funds such as events, activities, rentals, and concessions, not
    taxes. Mr. Abbott asked for clarification as he understood revenues would be transferred without taking
    into account the expenses. Alderman Jokerst replied no,              it would be the overage•of revenues less
    expense.

                                                                  10
                                                  Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                           January 12, 2023

      Alderman Wisbrock rescinded his second. Alderman Cruts rescinded his first.

      Alderman Cruts made a motion to open the topic to the full Board. The motion was seconded by
      Alderman Huels.             Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
      by the Committee.

      Alderman         Cruts      made      a   final    motion to approve              a   review      for   reimbursement from                the   Storm
      Water/Parks Fund non-restricted overage at year end to the General Fund to recoup expense of staffing
      time spent on Storm Water/Parks that is                          not allocated or expensed to Storm Water/Parks Fund as
      discussed.       The motion was              seconded        by    Alderman        Wisbrock.         Upon a       vote     being taken,        it was
      announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PERSONNEL -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Cruts, Huels, Jokerst)
❖ Discussion regarding annual performance evaluations and review processes.
      Copies of the current Annual Performance Evaluation policy and forms and also a copy of Section 7 .2
      of the Personnel Manual for reference were available for review. As there have been debates around
      the Annual Performance Evaluation fonns and review process, Staff is seeking direction for what
      changes are desired.

      Mayor Maurath shared he feels the current evaluations are cumbersome, categories are not relevant,
      and time consuming. He feels a different evaluation process needs to be considered. Aldennan Jokerst
      and Alderman Cruts agreed.

      Alderman Clauss expressed she feels evaluations are important and agrees the current evaluation is
      cumbersome, but there needs to be a measure in place to verify performance. Mayor Maurath and
      Alderman Jokerst agreed; however, it needs to be better.

      Alderman Bereitschaft expressed he feels evaluation needs to be simplified.

      Alderman Harrel expressed he feels it is important to gauge employees, but form can be improved.

      Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to research options regarding annual performance evaluations
      and review processes. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                                        Upon a vote being taken, it was
     announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

❖ Discussion regarding recruiting for open job positions.
     Staff has job postings on our website, social pages, electronic billboard at 141/44, in facility lobbies
     and job boards (Indeed, MO jobs, East-West Gateway).

     Due to the lack of candidate applications, there has been consideration of utilizing a professional
    . employment recruiter to assist in filling staffing vacancies to find qualified candidates for positions.

     In discussion with a professional employment recruiter, seeking other alternatives for assistance, Staff
     has spoken to KForce. A draft agreement was available for review, there would not be a retainer fee
     and cost would only be incurred for successful recruitment at a fee of 20% of first year base salary.

     To further try attracting more applicants in our recruitment process, below are example costs to pay for
     sponsored postings on job boards.


                                                                                      II
                                                                 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                             January 12, 2023

Zip Recruiter
Offers a four (4) day free trial. After free trial, a one-time discount for one (I) job advertisement for
one (1) month $300.00, then its Standard plan costs $16 per day per job. Its Premium plan costs $24
per day per job after the free trial.
     • (30 days@$16 = $480 per month)
     • (30 days@ $24 = $720 per month)

Indeed
Free - Indeed job posting shows up in general search results.
Sponsored job - set advertising budget that is taken up when candidates view or click on job posting-
keeps job openings towards the top and on the radar for more potential candidates. Only pay when
someone clicks on Sponsored Jobs, up to the amount set for your budget. Price per application may
change based on supply and demand for that job title in market.
Example:
     • Permit Coordinator $18.00 per application,
     • Maintenance Worker $14.00 per application.

Campaign Budget can be set for chosen number of priority job postings.
Example:
     •    Set budget at $500.00/month during this campaign, average cost per application $3.97, Indeed
          will set number of applications to be accepted.

City Clerk Jane Hungler shared there has been an increase in Indeed applications for the part-time
positions but not the full-time positions.

Alderman Wisbrock asked Public Works Director Dan Howard to share the change in the recruiting
process    in the   part-time    positions.    Public   Works     Director    Dan   Howard      shared    that Recreation
Supervisor Chris Sartorius has been visiting job fairs, local high schools, and on job boards at local
community colleges and receiving good feedback for part-time positions, however, no luck with full-
time positions.

Alderman Cruts shared he feels job descriptions need to be amended to reflect current duties, he feels
job description requirements discourage applicants, pay rates questionable and excellent benefits. He
suggested advertising the job description and benefits to help attract applicants. City Administrator
Nikki Finkbiner shared they are advertised, available online, on the City website, and provided to the
applicants before their interview.

Alderman Jokerst        inquired on cost for recruiter.         City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained a
recruiter would only be used for full-time positions and the cost would be 20% of the first year annual
salary. For example, the Public Works Maintenance Worker I position, if candidate accepted job offer
at annual base pay of $31,373, the cost to recruiter would be $6,274.60. There are currently six (6)
vacancies in that position, if all Worker I positions filled through the recruiter it would be $37,647.60
and for the Assistant Building Ground Technician position with the annual base pay of $39,003, the
cost to the recruiter would be $7,800.60.

Mayor Maurath used an example of applicant being hired in at a base salary of $41,000, the cost to the
recruiter would be $8,200 for their service. He expressed he would rather give $1,000 sign on initiative
to the applicant.     City Administrator Nikki          Finkbiner explained the City still would conduct the
interview process for selection. No payment would be required if the City was not interested in the
applicant. She asked if it would be more effective to pay recruiter one-time expense or putting toward
salary ranges. Mayor Maurath expressed he would rather have a one-time expense than an escalating

                                                                 12
                                                Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                          January 12, 2023

     cost annually. Alderman Jokerst suggested trying for one (1) year.

     Alderman Maserang asked Public Works Director Dan Howard if there was anything in the current
     Maintenance Worker I job descriptions that could be removed and if he feels the qualifications deter
     applicants. Public Works Director Dan Howard responded he could remove arc welding but all other
     duties listed on the jobs description have been performed by his current staff within the last year.

     Mayor Maurath asked Public Works Director Dan Howard ifall positions were filled in his department,
     how many employees would there be. Public Works Director Dan Howard responded twenty-six (26).
     Mayor Maurath asked if he really needed that many employees. Public Works Director Dan Howard
     replied yes to address items that are not currently being performed or contracted out due to staff
     shortage.

     Alderman Harrell expressed he feels recruiter cost is not out of line for their services.

     Alderman Clauss asked Public Works Director Dan Howard what is feedback he has received from
     applicants on why they are not accepting job with the City of Fenton. Public Works Director Dan
     Howard replied the base salary is too low and if they are offered above base pay due to experience it is
     still rejected due to low pay.       Per advertisements on the East-West Gateway website, surrounding
     municipalities base pay for the same work is $38,000 - $40,000, they have few openings and fill their
     positions.   He   feels candidates     see   pay   differences,   no   matter   the   benefits, and    choose    other
     municipalities over Fenton.

     Mayor Maurath stated the previous benefit package increase was to be the cure all, and he feels that it
     has not been effective at all. Mayor Maurath stated he asked Metro St. Louis Municipal League to put
    together a comprehensive form showing municipalities pay and benefits, so that they can be compared
    apples to apples.

    Alderman Jokerst suggested future discussion to consider reducing paid holidays if pay range increased.

    Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting utilizing
    KForce for recruiting to fill open job positions. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                   Upon
    a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed by the Committee with Alderman
    Huels voting nay.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS - Aid.                                  Bereitschaft,   Chairman (Harrell, Clauss,
Maserang)
•   Discussion regarding the 2023 Appreciation Dinner.
    Staff is requesting direction on when the Board would like to hold the Annual Appreciation Dinner this
    year, possibly in the Spring or Fall, if the Board desires to remain with a similar event as was held in
    2022 in Fenton City Park with food and beverage trucks, or the possibility of going back to a more
    formal catered venue such as Andres as was done previously in the month of December.                                 •

    With volunteers and City Officials, plus a guest, typically one hundred ten ( 110) people are invited to
    the event and approximately seventy (70) attended. The event has a budget of $5,000.

    Alderman Cruts and Alderman Bereitschaft expressed they preferred a sit-down catered event.



                                                                   13
                                                   Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                            January 12, 2023

      Alderman Huels suggested sending survey to volunteers to coordinate the Annual Appreciation Dinner
      for 2023 and take a poll to find out if they would prefer a gift card to a local restaurant this year or go
      back to a sit-down catered event, as this year's event was not well attended.

      Aldennan Clauss inquired on cost for the common good. City Attorney Erin Seele advised caution
      when expensing taxpayer funds, but stated this event is for public purposes, to thank, retain, and attract
      volunteers who serve on the committees and commissions. Mayor Maurath shared this is not for paid
      or contracted employees. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested amending the budget from
      $5,000 to $2,500 as it was in the past.

      After discussion, Alderman Bereitschaft suggested sending survey to volunteers to coordinate the
      Annual Appreciation Dinner for 2023 and take a poll to find out if they would prefer a gift card to a
      local restaurant this year or go back to a sit-down catered event as in the past and amend the budget
      line item to $2,500 and bring back to the Board in February. There were no objections.

❖ Discussion regarding Business Licenses.
     A    preliminary draft of a Business License application                               along with proposed              amendments to the
      Municipal Code regarding the same (Proposed Chapter 603) was available for review.

     The final formatting for the application will be through the software used to place the application on line,
     which is proposed to be developed through the City's GovBuilt software (this will be discussed as a
     separate matter under lnfonnation Systems).

      Should the Board wish to move forward with the Business License, the proposed amendment to the
     Municipal Code will need to be adopted via an Ordinance.

     Mayor Maurath inquired who the appeals would be directed to. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
     stated appeals would be presented to the Board of Aldermen.

     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner noted the initial business                                   license fee will be           included in the
     Occupancy Permit.

     Mayor       Maurath        inquired      why      in Section       603.120       there     1s an     exception       for    non-profits.      City
     Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared she would review.

     After discussion, Aldennan Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the January Board ofAldennen
     meeting Business Licenses Chapter with amendment consideration to Section 603.120. The motion was
     seconded by Aldennan Maserang.                       Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
     passed unanimously by the Committee.

❖ Request regarding the dissemination of information and a Public Meeting regarding Proposition
     U - Local Use Tax.
     Staff is requesting the needed resources (funding) and other approvals to disseminate facts/general
     information regarding Proposition U -Local Use Tax that will be on the April 4, 2023, General Election
     ballot.

           l.    Approval to place a "Fact Sheet" as a full                           page insert in the February and March City
                 Newsletters. The approximate cost is $1,000 for two color inserts.
           2.    Approval to mail a postcard to in early March to approximately 1,500 residential units within
                 the City. The approximate cost is $850 for printing and postage.

                                                                                   14
                                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                           January 12, 2023

          3.   Hold a public meeting March at City Hall to answer citizen questions regarding the proposed
               Local Use Tax.

     The Board can also consider utilizing the Billboard at 1-44, as offered by the Fenton Area Chamber of
     Commerce       (the   cost for    the   billboard   will   be   further   discussed    as a    separate   matter    under
     "Miscellaneous").

     Staff will also create a brochure in-house that can be disseminated and will post information on the
     City's website and social media pages.

     For discussion purposes, a copy of a "checklist" provided by the MML that discusses suggested steps
     for informing the public of proposed Local Use Tax was available for review.

     Alderman Bereitschaft asked if more information could be in fact sheet. Alderman Harrell inquired if
     an announcement could be sent out through Nixel for the public hearing. City Administrator Nikki
     Finkbiner replied yes.

     After discussion, Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the January Board ofAldermen
     meeting request regarding the dissemination of information and a Public Meeting regarding Proposition
     U - Local Use Tax. The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss.                      Upon a vote being taken, it was
     announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid. Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschafi, Harrell, Huels)
     There were no items for discussion.

PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
•   Request to renew the agreement with SC Engineering, LLC d/b/a Cochran for on-call, as needed
     engineering services for another one-year term.
    Currently the City has an agreement with SC Engineering, LLC d/b/a Cochran ("Cochran") for on-call,
    as-needed engineering services as approved by Ordinance 4100 in February 2021. The second one-year
    term under the agreement is set to expire on February 28, 2023; however, the Board has the option to
    renew the agreement for another one-year term as provided in the agreement, as follows:

    IV. CONTRACT SCHEDULE
         The initial term of this Contract shall commence on March I, 2021 and terminate Februa,y 28,
         2022. This Contract will renew for additional one (I) year terms at the same rates and terms herein
         ift he City provides notice ofi ts intent to renew the contract at least ten (JO) days before expiration
         oft he then current term. Such notice may be provided by a simple majority vote of the Board of
         Aldermen.     Provided,    however, that Consultant may provide notice to the City of its intent to
         increase its rates/or the next renewal term at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration ofthe
         then-current term and such new rates will be accepted by the City ift he City provides notice ofits
         intent to renew the Contract for the next year-term.

    Per Cochran, there will not be a rate increase for 2023.

    Based on the above, should the Board consider renewing the agreement with Cochran for another one-
    year term, expiring February 28, 2024, a motion is required.

    Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the request
    to renew the agreement with SC Engineering, LLC d/b/a Cochran for on-call, as needed engineering

                                                                     15
                                                    Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                              January 12, 2023

        services for another one-year term. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang.                                                                                  Upon a vote
        being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

•       Request to renew the agreement with Fire Tech, LLC for annual maintenance and on-call
        maintenance and repair services for the City's sprinkler systems for another one-year term.
        Currently           the     City      has     an agreement with Fire Tech,                                LLC        for     annual        maintenance              and      on-call
        maintenance and repair services for the City's sprinkler systems as approved by Ordinance 4103                                                                                        in
        February 2021. The agreement was amended in October of 2022 to remove the system at RiverChase
        via Ordinance 4275. The second one-year term of the agreement is set to expire on February 28, 2023;
        however, the Board has the option to renew the agreement for another one-year term as provided in the
        agreement, as follows:

        IV.CONTRACT SCHEDULE
               The initial term of this Contract shall commence on March 1,                                                        2021 and terminate February 28,
               2022. This Contract will renew for additional one (1) year terms at the same rates and terms herein
               ift he City provides notice ofi ts intent to renew the contract at least ten (10) days before expiration
               of the then current term. Such notice may be provided by a simple majority vote of the Board of
               Aldermen.            Provided,           however,          that Consultant may provide notice to the City of its intent to
               increase its rates for the next renewal term at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration ofthe
               then-current term and such new rates will be accepted by the City ift he City provides notice ofits
               intent to renew the Contract for the next year-term.

       Per Fire Tech, LLC, the proposed renewal rates for the annual inspection and repair rates are the same
       as the last term. Below are the current annual inspection rates.

               •      900 Gregory Lane $230
               •      700 Rudder Road (Public Works) $230

       Based on the above, should the Board consider renewing the agreement with Fire Tech, LLC for another
       one-year term, expiring February 28, 2024, a motion is needed.

       Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the Request
       to renew the agreement with Fire Tech, LLC for annual maintenance and on-call maintenance and
       repair services for the City's sprinkler systems for another one-year term. The motion was seconded by
       Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
       by the Committee.

INFORMATION SERVICES-Aid. Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Huels, Maserang)
•      Request for additional license modules through GovBuilt.
                                                                 rd
       As discussed at the November 3                               Committee meeting, Staff has suggested that the formatting oflicense
       module be through software to place the business license application online.

       Staff would also like to integrate online liquor licensing. Staff has obtained estimated costs from
       Gov Built for those build outs.

       Having the applications development through the GovBuilt will allow for a database to be integrated
       in the system, which will streamline processing, automate steps, reduce errors, track status, save Staff
       data entry time, access to real-time data needed, and generate notifications and reports.                                                                        One time cost
       for Module configuration of $4,000 includes:


                                                                                                        16
                                                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                              January 12, 2023

                   • Set up module for Licenses
                   • 4 hours of Consulting
                  • 1 General Business license
                  • Liquor license and subset liquor licenses
                  • 4 hours of training
                  • ESRI Integration with forms
                  • Data migration of existing Liquor Licenses from Access Data Base

         Please note there is no additional cost for software maintenance and support as it is covered under the
         existing original GovBuilt agreement.

         Alderman Harrell made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the request
         for additional license modules through Gov Built. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon
         a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

PARKS AND RECREATION -Aid. Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval, unless otherwise noted.
         •        Announcements:
                                                           th
                           The January 4                       Parks and Recreation Committee Meeting was cancelled.

         •        The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
                           There were no recommendations.

         •        Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
                  ❖ Discussion regarding credits under Community Pass.
                           In July 2022, pursuant to Ordinance No. 4210, the City entered into an agreement with the
                           YMCA for the management and operation of RiverChase.

                           As the former parks and recreation software program (Community Pass) subscription ends on
                           January 31, 2023, and the new CivicRec software program has begun, Staff has been reviewing
                           the existing accounts in Community Pass for any needed data or account transfers.

                           After Staffs review of the accounts, it was found that some accounts have "credits" due. Most
                           ofthese credits are from 2019 or earlier and appear to be account credits for cancelled programs
                           or classes. The total of all combined credits is approximately $3,850 with the average credit
                           amount being $10 or less.

                           As Staff is unable to determine if credits are actually due in monetary form and due to the age
                           of the credits and possible outdated contact information, Staff is requesting that the Board
                           approve deeming all credits older than twelve (12) months expired and non-refundable.

                           Additionally, it is noted that the YMCA will not accept unused RiverChase value or punch
                           cards. Staff is requesting the Board also deem any unused RiverChase value or punch cards
                           older than twelve (12) months expired and not refundable.

                           Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve request to deem all credits, value cards, and
                           punch cards older than twelve (12) months to be expired and non-refundable. The motion was
                           seconded by Alderman Clauss.                                               Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
                           was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

                                                                                                                                 17
                                                                                                 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                    January 12, 2023

MISCELLANEOUS
•        Request to renew the agreement with Cardinal Vending, Inc. for Vending Machine Services for
         another one-year term.
         Currently the City has an agreement with Cardinal Vending, Inc. for Vending Machine Services, as
         approved by Ordinance 4096 in February 2021 and amended by Ordinances 4121 and 4262 (to add a
         machine at City Hall and remove machines at RiverChase, respectively). On January 27, 2022, the
         Board approved an additional (second) one-year term set to expire on February 28, 2023; however, the
         Board has the option to renew the agreement for another (third and final) one-year term as provided in
         the agreement, as follows:

         IV. CONTRACT TERM
                  The initial term of this Contract shall commence on March I, 2021 and terminate February 28,
                 2022, with a City option to renew for up to two (2) additional one (I) year terms at the rates stated
                 in Exhibit A for the option renewal terms. The City may exercise its renewal options, by motion,
                 duly        made,          seconded,               and approved by                          the     Board of Aldermen                             at least ten                (I OJ      days        before
                 expiration oft he then current term. Failure ofthe City to exercise such option shall result in the
                 Contract expiring at the end oft he then current term.

        Per Cardinal Vending, and as indicated in Bid Form within the agreement, the City will continue to
        receive 20% of the net profit from all vending machine sales during the third term through February
        28, 2023. (Please note that Cardinal Vending provides, supplies, and maintains all of the machines
         located at Public Works and City Hall and provides the City the payment for the profit once a month).
        In 2022, the City received $2,544.27 from Cardinal Vending in profit payments.

        Based on the above, Staff suggests that the Board consider renewing the agreement with Cardinal
        Vending for another one-year term.

        Alderman Clauss made a motion to forward to the January Board of Aldermen meeting the request to
        renew the agreement with Cardinal Vending, Inc. for Vending Machine Services for another one-year
        term. The motion was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft.                                                                          Upon a vote being taken, it was announced
        that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•       Request to advertise through the Fenton Area Chamber of Commerce Billboard Program.
        The City can advertise park events and programs and other information items (such as Prop U) through
        the Fenton Area Chamber of Commerce                                                             Digital Billboard Program. The billboard                                                       is    located on
        Highway 141 near Interstate 44. The City participated in this program for a portion of the year in 2021
        and all of 2022.

        In 2023, the billboard will primarily be used to advertise park programs and events (to be charged under
        the Parks and Stormwater Fund) but can also be used to provide information regarding the upcoming
                                                                                        th
        Prop U ballot measure on the April 4                                                General Election.

        Should the Board wish to participate, the annual cost will be $1,250 for one slot in 2023 (see additional
        details and annual pricing below).

        Additional Details:
        •        Exposure can be increased by purchasing multiple slots in a cycle (ex: 1 slot= 40 exposures/day;
                 2 slots = 80 exposures/day; 3 slots= 120 exposures/day, etc.)
        •        You have the opportunity to change artwork at any time
        •        Graphic design assistance is available

                                                                                                                           18
                                                                                             Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                               January 12, 2023

             Annual Pricing
             ■      1 Slot (13 consecutive cycles)= $1,250 ... that's $700 in savings!
             •     2 Slots (13 consecutive cycles)= add $1,100 = $2,350 for the year
             ■     3 Slots (13 consecutive cycles)= add $950 = $3,300 for the year

             Aldennan Jokerst made a final motion to advertise through the Fenton Area Chamber of Commerce
             Billboard Program. The motion was seconded by Aldennan Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was
             announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen with Alderman Clauss voting nay.

       •     Discussion regarding St. Louis County/St. Louis City merger.

       City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner noted that there is discussion of the City becoming part of the County.
       There are rumors that Better Together or similar proposals could come forward so she will stay up-to-date
       on this issue.

       Aldennan Huels made a motion to extend the meeting thirty (30) minutes. The motion was seconded by
       Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
       by the Board of Aldermen.

       EXECUTIVE SESSION
       At 10:20 p.m. Alderman Clauss made a motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section 610.021
       ( l) Legal actions, causes of action or litigation and (3) hiring, firing, disciplining, or promoting employees.
       The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.

       Upon the roll being called, the Board ofAldermen voted as follows:

                               Alderman Cruts                     Aye                      Alderman Clauss                      Aye
                               Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                                   Alderman Huels                      Aye
                               Alderman Wisbrock                  Aye                      Alderman Maserang                   Aye
                               Alderman Harrell                  Aye                       Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

       It was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board ofAldermen.
      ADJOURNMENT
      At 10:46 p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting at which time, with no other business before the
       Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a
      vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.


L
      Jane
      Ci
      City o




                                                                                            19
                                                                       Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                   January 12, 2023
