
                                                                               CITY OF FENTON
                                           625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                         MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                                                THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2023
                                                                                       7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County, Missouri to
order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, February 9, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and via Zoom
Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
Alderman Ralph Cruts -Absent                                                           Alderman Chris Clauss - Present via Zoom Videoconference
Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present                                                  Alderman Robin Huels - Present
Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present                                                      Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                                                         Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard
St. Louis County Police Precinct Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop - via Zoom Videoconference










                                                                                                I
                                                                      Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                     February 9, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath reminded all to speak clearly into the microphones for clarity and recording purpose and
suggested something be put on an agenda for new microphones or something to help people on Zoom hear.

Mayor Maurath infonned the Board and public that the Valley Park Planning and Zoning Board will hold a
                                                                                                                                                              1
meeting at the Valley Park City Hall, Monday, February 13°                                                                                                        at 7:00 p.m., and will be hearing a Petition
regarding a proposed incinerator on a 7.16-acre parcel at 65 Shady Lane in Valley Park.

Mayor Maurath shared an email from Tom Verheyen, RiverChase YMCA, he shared that he met with Sal
                                      st
Frisella with I                            Phonn for his consideration to serve as a RiverChase YMCA Branch Board member and
update on current membership status is currently 1,490 units or 4,000 memberships.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
Kacey Sidarous,                               15      Forest Knoll Drive, Fenton MO 63026, Athletic Association President for St.                                                                                                                                      Paul
Athletic Association inquired on when presentation would be presented for her topics. Mayor Maurath
suggested comments would be better suited under the                                                                                                 Parks and                    Recreation portion of the agenda, as
presentation would be presented at that time. Kacey Sidarous voiced she would wait until that time.

Aldennan Jokerst made a motion to move Health and Safety topics next on the agenda. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Maserang.                                                             Upon             a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid Jokers/, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
•         Consideration of a request by Waste Connections for a rate increase under the existing contract.
          Tony             Lamantia,                    Municipal                    Account Representative                                            and         Ben           Tucker,               District Manager for                                       Waste
          Connections of St. Louis, 194 Northwest Industrial Court, Bridgeton MO discussed their request for
          increase.

          Mr.         Lamantia shared the waste industry has gone through a lot of changes since bidding on Fenton's
          solid waste agreement: 2020 Covid, which caused shortage and forced to provide drivers a substantial
          increase to retain them, and steel and resin prices have increased significantly. Due to these increases,
          the cost to purchase a truck increased by 23% and the cost of carts have increased by 30%. Recycling
          has become the most expensive materials to tip, processing recycled materials is in the mid-hundreds
          per ton compared                                   to trash                in      the        mid-thirties. Contamination                                                rates of the                       material                are        a     leading
         contributor as well                                   as      low demand for recyclables. The current contract is resulting                                                                                                           in a         negative
         contract and has a fifty cent (50¢) increase every two (2) years. Mr. Lamantia stated they would like to
          negotiate a new contract with the City and shared current renewal rates with surrounding municipalities.

         Mr. Tucker stated he has been reviewing contracts and feels the current contract is not sustainable.

         At this time, they are asking the City of Fenton to consider a $2.00                                                                                                                          increase to the annual 2023
         contracted increase. In April 2023 the current contract resident rates are scheduled to remain at $8.75
         trash and $6.10 recycle. They are asking the City for an additional $2.00 increase to help cover some of
         Waste Connections proposed operating costs and also asked the City to consider a five (5) year contract
         with 5% annual increases.

         Alderman Jokerst asked on the total amount of proposed increase for the first year. City Administrator
         Nikki Finkbiner shared currently there are approximately 1,500 units (households) serviced. Aldennan
         Wisbrock stated it would be $36,000 increase for the first year. Alderman Maserang inquired when the
         current contract is                               set to expire. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied August 2024 with City's
         option for renewals.

         Mayor Maurath shared he feels Staff has not had the opportunity to work with Waste Connections to
         review numbers to bring forth complete totals to the Board for consideration and clarified the request is

                                                                                                                                       2
                                                                                                   Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                                        February 9, 2023

      to negotiate current contract. Mr. Tucker replied yes. Alderman Maserang and Alderman Bereitschaft
      agreed can not make decision without further detailed information. Alderman Wisbrock requested detail
      comparison of current rates vs. proposed rates for each year and further inquired if the service shortfalls
      would be addressed.

      Mr. Tucker shared while Fenton has experienced some service issues, Waste Connections has been and
      is still working diligently to remedy the problems. They have over hired drivers, developed a new
      training process, and added onboard cameras and laptops to help create a tracking device that records
      service pick-up and any issues the driver feel will impede service. They feel over the last month they
      now have drivers in place that want to remain at Waste Connections and make a career with them.
      There will always be instances that arise, but now have new processes in place to combat them. Allen
      Road has been the main topic in 2022. This road is serviced by a smaller truck that does not service any
      other area of Fenton. They did have a driver issue and that has been resolved, and they now have a
      driver that will report back to base once Allen Road is completed on their regular service day. Mayor
      Maurath noted the current contract allows for liquidated damages of $1,000 per day                                                if determined
      missed collection pick-up                if not    corrected      in   twenty-four (24)          hours     but would        rather have       issue
      rectified.

      Alderman Wisbrock asked for a point of clarification: what would be the ending year for their five (5)
      year contract request. Would it be five (5) years from the end of the current contract or five (5) years
      from the start date of a new contract? Mr. Tucker replied five (5) years from the start date of a new
      contract. Alderman Wisbrock asked if they have considered a two (2) year contract with three (3) year
      renewal options. Mr. Lamantia replied contract language and options are negotiable depending on terms
      and length.

      Alderman Jokerst made a motion to have Staff negotiate and work with Waste Connections for a rate
      increase under the existing vs. contract and have annual and overall cost breakdown in a readable form
      and bring back to the Board for consideration. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon
      a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

Alderman Huels made a motion to move Parks and Recreation Committee topics next on the agenda. The
motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                        Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PARKS AND RECREATION COMMITTEE -Aid Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•    Announcement from the Parks and Recreation Committee meeting:
      •    The Certificate of Appreciation was presented to Cyndy Paul for her service on the Parks and
           Recreation Committee.

      •    The Oath of Office was administered to Mike Abbott (Ward 4) and Mary Heinemann (Ward 2),
           terms ending January 2025.

      •    Parks     and    Recreation        Committee         Elections:      Gary Johnson was              re-elected      as   Chairman,       Mary
           Heinemann was re-elected as Vice-Chairman, and Lynn Hughes was re-elected as Secretary.

     •     The Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) gave a presentation regarding grant opportunities
           (attached as part of the minutes).

     •     The following items were continued to the next Parks and Recreation Committee Meeting to allow
           Staff to provide additional information:
           o     Discussion regarding replacement of benches (picnic tables) in the parks.

           o     Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve.

     •     Discussion regarding use of the former greenhouse area in Fabick Nature Preserve.

                                                                             3
                                                        Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                    February 9, 2023

•         The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
          •        Approval                   to      have           the        2023          Fenton               Farmers                 Market                held          at      the        Meramec                   Pavilion               on
                   Thursdays from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
                   Mayor Maurath asked if 4:00 - 8:00 p.m. on Thursdays was the right thing to do. Public Works
                   Director Dan Howard stated that Recreation Supervisor Chris Sartorius reached out to past vendors
                   for       their         input         on availability,                        most          stated          they         were           already             booked              with         other          markets              on
                   Saturdays and the consensus was for Thursday evenings for Fenton Market.

                   Mayor Maurath shared he was reluctant on the change of day and time but feels more confident as
                   consideration of the vendors was made, and he feels the new location will provide more parking
                   and access to restrooms. Alderman Jokerst expressed concern if there will be enough foot traffic at
                   the       new          location              and         day/time               change.              Alderman                   Clauss             inquired              if any             other          surrounding
                   communities held their market on weekday nights and                                                                                      expressed                 it may             be advantage                      not to
                   compete with other markets on the same day. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared there
                   were a few.

                   Alderman Bereitschaft asked if there would be conflicts with other events in the park. Public Works
                   Director Dan Howard responded no.

                   Alderman Huels shared the Parks and Recreation Committee recommended to conduct the market
                   with changes for a trial period this season and reevaluate.

                   Alderman Jokerst inquired if there was interest to also offer one (1) free booth to a City proper local
                   vendor on                  a first come - first serve                                        basis as              one (1)             booth            is    provided for non-profit.                                    After
                   discussion, there was no interest in offering a free booth to a City local vendor.

                   After discussion, Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve to have the 2023 Fenton Farmers
                   Market held at the Merarnec Pavilion on Thursdays from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The motion was
                   seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the
                  Board of Aldermen.

•        Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
         •        Consideration of a request by St. Paul Athletic Association to utilize Fenton City Park for
                  their annual soccer tournament at a reduced rental rate.
                  St. Paul Catholic School Athletic Association would like to rent Fenton City Park in 2023 for its
                        rd
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   th
                  43         Annual Fall St. Paul Soccer Tournament, to be held the week of August 7-13                                                                                                                 at Fenton City
                  Park. Requesting the Fall 2023 St. Paul Soccer Tournament rental price be the same as the 2022
                  pricing for Fenton City Park field rentals at $2,500.

                  For information during consideration of this request, in 2022 the City expended approximately
                  $2,919.95 in labor costs and $2,622.36 in equipment costs in preparing the City Park for the annual
                  St. Paul Tournament. These costs included: mowing the soccer fields twice throughout the week to
                  achieve an acceptable playing surface, moving of soccer goals per St. Paul's requested field layouts,
                  locating corner pins for all soccer fields, placing coverings over signs indicating "Park in Parking
                  Lots Only", trimming trees with limbs over hanging the playing areas on the fields, and supplying
                  signs and barricades for traffic control during the tournament. Obviously, this is dependent on
                  weather conditions and the rate of growth during the timeframe of the tournament.

                  Also, it is noted that if St. Paul were to rent the park during the duration of the tournament at the
                  City's set rental costs, the cost would be approximately $8,000 in lieu of the $2,500 paid for rental.

                  As far as the request for the use of the City of Fenton Field Striping equipment, Staff would not be
                  in support of the request as there are specific procedures for proper start up and clean-up of the

                                                                                                                           4
                                                                                           Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                              February 9, 2023

equipment to prevent damage. During earlier discussion regarding the striping of the fields, it was
asked by St. Paul's if the City would be able to stripe the fields.

The layout of the fields and striping would be an hour per field, in a good faith estimate. For the
eight (8) fields (two (2) of which are stripped into two (2) fields) for a total of ten (10) fields. An
estimate for two (2) people at eight (8) hours per worker would be sixteen (16) labor hours. This in
turn equates to a labor and equipment costs estimate of $458.08 for one (1) complete striping of all
fields. The cost of paint is not included or the time for cleaning of the equipment. If an additional
striping were requested, the cost would be less, as the original stripe would be visible to go over.

Kacey Sidarous, 15 Forest Knoll Drive, Fenton MO 63026, Athletic Association President for St.
Paul Athletic Association overviewed presentation for soccer tournament at a reduced rental rate
and reduced rates for soccer field rentals (attached as part of the minutes).

Mayor Maurath expressed he is in favor of the reduced rental rate for the soccer tournament. He
inquired if this was a fund-raising event for St. Paul. Ms.                          Sidarous responded yes, it is a fund-
raising event.

Alderman Jokerst expressed                she   is in favor of maintaining relationship with St. Paul                         but also
mindful of cost increases for City services but thought some of the costs were items the City would
do anyway. In response to questioning from Alderman Jokerst, Public Works Director Dan Howard
shared previous St. Paul tournament workers performed trash clean up with no cost to the City.
Public Works Director Dan Howard further noted he was not in favor rental of motorized striping
machine as it requires specific procedures proper usage and clean-up, however there are manual
striping machines they could utilize. Ms. Sidarous stated they have manual striping machines.

Alderman Maserang asked how long the $2,500 reduced rate has been approved for the tournament.
Mayor Maurath noted in years past it was approved at no charge to St. Paul for the tournament. Ms.
Sidarous stated she knows the $2,500 rate has been approved for the last five (5) years. Alderman
Maserang inquired if the City stripes for other organizations. Public Works Director Dan Howard
responded the City does not stripe for rentals.

Alderman        Bereitschaft expressed           he   is favor     of the     $2,500     reduced      rate   but   not   in favor     of
motorized striping machine rental. Alderman Wisbrock expressed he is favor of the $2,500 reduced
rate but need to be cognizant of City costs and noted he also is not in favor of motorized striping
machine rental. Alderman Clauss shared she agrees with Alderman Wisbrock need to be cognizant
of City     costs    and    mindful     of precedent for          other organization considerations                and    asked    City
Attorney how this requests fits into the common cause. City Attorney Erin Seele voiced the public
purpose is drawing people into the City of Fenton through the tournament, finding would include
people     stopping      to shop      and   eat   at   local   businesses.      Ms.    Sidarous      shared     that   St.   Paul   has
concession sales         at their tournament and noted that volunteers                       and    committee       members       offer
suggestions of local businesses and restaurants.

Alderman Maserang expressed he                    is favor of the $2,500 reduced                rate for this year but further
consideration       is needed       for   next   year    especially      if they    would      be   utilizing    lit fields    for the
tournament as costs have increased. Mayor Maurath expressed he feels it is a benefit for the kids
and for a good public purpose.

Alderman Wisbrock strongly suggested more communications and meetings between St. Paul and
the   City    of Fenton       for   expected      obligations       and    responsibilities      of each       party    for   a better
engagement and experience of the tournament.

Alderman Huels expressed she was not in favor of increasing the fee, and she is in favor of the
$2,500 reduced rate for this year.

                                                              5
                                           Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                      February 9, 2023

     After discussion, Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve the request by St. Paul Athletic
     Association to utilize Fenton City Park for their annual soccer tournament at a reduced rental rate
     for $2,500 without rental or usage of the striping machine. The motion was seconded by Alderman
     Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

■    Consideration of a request by St. Paul Athletic Association for reduced rates for soccer field
     rentals.
     A request from the St. Paul Catholic School's Athletic Association for a reduced rental pricing for
     fall 2023 soccer fields at Fenton City Park and the Fenton Sports Complex that matched the same
     rental price as 2021        to offer additional soccer fields for Catholic Youth Council (CYC) soccer
     games mid-September through mid-November, was available for review.

    In 2021, St. Paul reserved and paid $360 for Wednesday night practice on Field #6 (unlit pricing) in
    Fenton City Park for nine (9) Wednesdays in a row and also reserved and paid $900 for the St.
    Paul/CYC league games only on Field #2 for ten (10) Saturdays in a row.                                   For a grand total of
    $1,260.

    In 2022, there were no reservations for the league games due to lack of CYC funds and St. Paul
     utilized only the practice field at the $360 for Wednesday night practice on Field #6.

    In 2023, St. Paul is requesting to reserve and pay $360 for Soccer Field B with lighting (for unlit
    pricing) for Wednesday night practice, noting that this is the only soccer field at Fenton Sports
    Complex with lights, for fifteen (15) Wednesdays in a row and also requesting to reserve and pay
    $900 for each field ($1,800) for St. Paul/CYC league games on two (2) fields (Fields #2 and #3) for
    eleven (11) Saturdays in a row. For a grand total of $2,160.

    Noting the current rate for Soccer Field B (unlit pricing) for fifteen (15) Wednesdays in a row is
    $750 and for Fields #2 and #3 (unlit pricing) for eleven (11) Saturdays in a row is $1,375 each
    field for a total of$3,500. Resulting in request ofreduction of$1,340.

    Note: The current 2023            pricing of $25/hour for unlit fields was adopted by the Board under the
    Athletic Field Usage and Fee Policy in August 2022. Hourly rental prices were increased to ensure
    City services to maintain the fields are minimally covered while still being comparable to ( or less
    than) surrounding athletic complexes and municipalities.

    Kacey Sidarous asked the Board to please consider approving, a collective reduced 2023 field rental
    price to match the 2021 (per soccer field for eleven (11) Saturday league games) rental cost of $900
    (Field    #2)   + $900 (Field #3) and also              $360 (for fifteen        (15) Wednesday night practices with
    lighting) for a total of $2,160, for the Fall 2023 CYC Soccer season.

    Alderman Jokerst shared she has concerns and the City has to be mindful if approved for one (1)
    would need to approve requests for all and noted the Saturdays requested are prime rental times.

    Alderman Maserang asked Public Works Director Dan Howard if there are other field rentals in the
    park during this requested time. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied at this time Field #6 is
    rented on Sundays. Mayor Maurath expressed he is in favor of the reduced rental rate.

    Alderman Wisbrock expressed consideration of increase of demands from other organizations for
    field   rentals   due    to   lack   of field     availability     in surrounding        communities.        Alderman       Clauss
    expressed she also believes the City has to be mindful                        if approved for one ( 1) would need to
    approve requests for all and expressed the concerns of the large reduction amount being requested.
    Alderman Bereitschaft expressed concerns of season long rate reduction not just a weekend rate
    reduction.

                                                                6
                                             Board of Aldem1en Committee Meeting
                                                        February 9, 2023

            Ms. Sidarous asked the Board to consider St. Paul's request separately for reduced rate of $360 (for
            fifteen (15) Wednesday night practices with lighting). Alderman Wisbrock voiced he was in favor
            of separating the St. Paul field rental request from the CYC field rental request.

            After discussion, Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve the request as presented by St.
            Paul Athletic Association for reduced rate for soccer field rental $360 for Soccer Field B only and
            get more information from CYC for consideration of Fields #2 and #3 and bring CYC request back
           to the Board. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, the
            motion passed by the Board of Aldermen with Alderman Clauss voting nay.

•     The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
      •    Approval of grading of the former house foundation area in Fabick Nature Preserve.
           Public Works Director Dan Howard explained in years past the Fabick house was removed and
           chain-link was installed for safety. Over the years the fence has degraded and foundation walls are
           failing. He is requesting approval to re-grade the area to address any safety concerns and graffiti
            issues.

           Aldennan Jokerst expressed she was in favor putting money toward keeping and preserving the
           stone walls. She further inquired if this would be performed in-house or contracted, with concerns
           of staff shortages and other numerous City projects that need to be completed, if performed in-
           house. Public Works Director Dan Howard stated he wanted discussion for consideration of the
           project and that some of the work would need to be contracted out if the project would be approved.

           Aldennan Wisbrock shared that during discussion at the Parks and Recreation Committee meeting
                               1
           on February 6\         this project is in conjunction with the discussion of project for the use of the former
           greenhouse area in Fabick Nature Preserve, which would include the proposed bathrooms. The fill
           material from that area, to create additional parking and possible additional amenities, would be
           used in the re-grade of the house foundation to create a maintainable slope. Alderman Maserang
           voiced he feels ifthere is a safety hazard concern, it needs to be addressed.

           Mayor Maurath expressed if walls removed, re-graded; maybe benches could be installed in the flat
           area if not sloped in re-grade. He feels if the project is approved it should be contracted out as well
           as the deficiencies at the           Beckman (Bud Weil Annex) property at the same time. Mayor Maurath
           voiced concerns of installing playground in Fabick Nature Preserve with deed restrictions.

           After discussion, Alderman Huels made a final motion to take discussion of grading of the former
           house foundation area in Fabick Nature Preserve back to the Parks and Recreation Committee for
           more detailed information and plan for the whole area. The motion was seconded by Aldennan
           Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

•    Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
     •     Consideration of a             request to       approve Operational Rules and                      Guidelines       for the Fenton
           Community & Farmers Market.
           A draft of proposed Fanner's Market Operational Rules and Guidelines was available for review.

           Alderman Jokerst inquired if requirement for "photograph of each item intended to be sold" was
           necessary. City Clerk Jane Hungler explained it mirrors St. Louis County for items permitted for
           sale.

           After    discussion,       Alderman        Huels     made     a   final   motion      to   approve      the    request     to   approve
           Operational Rules and Guidelines for the Fenton Community & Fanners Market as proposed. The
           motion      was    seconded        by   Alderman        Jokerst.     Upon      a   vote    being     taken,    the    motion      passed
           unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

                                                                          7
                                                      Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                  February 9, 2023

•     Consideration of a request for amendments to the Athletic Field Usage and Fees Policy.
      A copy of the City's existing Athletic Field Usage and Fees Policy was available for review, with
      proposed minor amendments to include:
      •     The addition of sand volleyball court rates (hourly rates) - $10 per hour for sand courts with no
            lights and $15 per hour for sand courts with lights;
      •     Adding additional fields at Fenton Sports Complex - ball field #7 not lit with no outfield fence,
            ball field #9 lit field with outfield fence, ball field # 10 lit field with outfield fence, and soccer
            field B lit field; and
      •     Amending the requirement to have league fees approved by the Board annually to requiring
            approval as needed.

      Mayor Maurath inquired on rainout refunds "the renter is required to contact the Director in writing
     via email at parksandrec@fentonmo.org within twenty-four (24) hours for a full or partial (pro-
      rated) refund. If the renter does                 not contact the Director within twenty-four (24) hours OR the
     Director deems that the fields were playable, a refund will not be issued." Public Works Director
     Dan Howard explained if the fields are deemed playable by the City and the renter chooses not to
     play it is not eligible for refund.

     Alderman Maserang inquired if fields are not rented through a permit if they were open to the
     public. Public Works Director Dan Howard explained yes if in Fenton City Park but not Fenton
     Sports Complex.

     Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve the request for amendments to the Athletic Field
     Usage and Fees Policy. The motion was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being
     taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Consideration of a request to establish league rates for City programs.
     In 2023, the City of Fenton is excited to be offering new adult and youth programs at Fenton City
     Park and Fenton Sport Complex. The City of Fenton will be offering Adult Sand Volleyball, Adult
     Kickball, Adult Wiffle Ball, Youth T-Ball, and Youth Coach Pitch this spring. As stated in the
     City's Athletic Field Usage and Fees Policy, Staff is seeking approval from the Board of Aldermen
     to set leagues rates, as follows:
     •     Adult Sand Volleyball: $300.00 a team per session. Each volleyball session would consist of
           ten (10) games.
     •     Adult Kickball: $500.00 per team per session. Each kickball session would consist of ten (10)
           games.
     •     Adult Wiffle Ball: $300.00 a team per session. Each wiffle ball session would consist of ten
           (10) games.
     •     T-Ball and Coach Pitch at Fenton Sport Complex: $90.00 per person. Each T-Ball and Coach
           Pitch session would consist of a seven (7)-game season.

     All    programming pricing has                 been     set   by   comparing other leagues and                   municipalities pricing
     around the area.

     Alderman Huels inquired on amount of previous fees. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared
     T-Ball are consistent with fees in 2019 and further requested to continue request for further review
     as he feels some of the proposed rates are too high.

     Mayor Maurath inquired how the sign-up applications were already posted on the City website.
     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained estimated pricing was included in program approvals
     request presented to the Board in October 2022 for advertising.

     After discussion, Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the February Board of Aldermen
     meeting the request to establish league rates for City programs with further amendments to be made

                                                                       8
                                                   Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                               February 9, 2023

           to pricing for review. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, the
           motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

FINANCE -Aid Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokerst)
•    December 31, 2022, Monthly Financial Report (Draft).
     Alderman Huels summarized the draft monthly financial                          report. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
     reminded the Board that typically in the past financial reports were not presented at this time of year
     due to still receiving numbers to be finalized. The Board did request draft reports to be presented.

     Alderman Jokerst inquired on road and bridge tax                        increase $113        to $87,336. Financial Consultant
     Tammy Alsop explained St. Louis County assesses and bills in October. The City receives funds when
     bills are paid. Alderman Jokerst inquired on interest income increase from $501 to $10,563. Financial
     Consultant Tammy Alsop explained due to the market increase that resulted in a reduction in loss of
     assets to put back to market, funds are being placed in Certificates of Deposits (CDs) as the market does
     not fluctuate. Aldennan Jokerst inquired of miscellaneous decrease from $78,336 to $6,376. Financial
     Consultant Tammy Alsop explained due to sale of equipment.

•    Request to purchase additional payment terminals through Forte.
     Currently     the   City    has   a contract      with   CSG      Forte   Payment,       Inc.   ("Forte")    for   online    payments
     integrated with the City's software systems, CivicPlus (website), GovBuilt, and CivicRec (online and
     POS for concession stands) as approved under Ordinance 4248 in June of 2022.

     Currently Staff can take credit card payments through Forte (in person and online) for items that are
     integrated to one (1) of the above programs (Building Permits, False Alarm fees, Concession Stand
     purchases, Parks and Recreation rentals, etc.). However, Staff is not able to take "stand alone" credit
     card payments in person at the window if the item being purchased is not (yet) integrated with one (1)
     of the above programs and              therefore are still       using a Commerce Bank card reader in Community
     Development, which charges convenience fees to the City. Standalone, in-person payments (at this
     time)    include    Liquor     Licenses,     Yard    Waste     Stickers,     Special    Use    Permits,     Past   Due RiverChase
     balances, Food Truck Permits, Solicitors Licenses, Sunshine Requests, etc.

     After discussion with Forte, the City can make a one-time purchase of standalone units for the windows
     at Community Development and City Hall without an agreement. These units will be set up with the
     "Service Convenience Fee" pricing where the convenience fees will be paid by the user/payer via the
     "Absorbed Pricing Option", in lieu of the City paying the fees. A one-time cost will be $399 + shipping
     for each VeriFone V400c Terminal (Stand Alone).

    Based on the above, Staff is requesting that the Board approve the purchase of two (2) standalone Forte
    units for in person payment processing at City Hall and Community Development.

    Alderman Jokerst asked why two (2) readers were being requested. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
    explained for convenience of customer so they would not have to leave one building and go to another
    building to make that payment not processed through a program. Alderman Maserang inquired on why
    another     request     for card     readers,    as there     were    recent    individual     requests     for readers      at various
    locations. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained last week's request was for NCR credit card
    readers for the Court system and is a separate program run through Show-Me-Courts.

    Mayor Maurath inquired if the same card reader services that the Municipal Courts recently requested
    could be utilized as there is no charge for additional units. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner restated
    the NCR readers will process payments through the Show-Me-Court program. If the City would choose
    to utilize NCR, it would require City to sign contract with NCR and per terms in agreement could not
    use another provider throughout the City and current contract with Forte would need to be terminated.


                                                                      9
                                                   Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                              February 9, 2023

           After discussion,                         Alderman Huels made a                                         motion to                  forward              to     the February                     Board of Aldermen
           meeting the request to purchase additional payment terminals through Forte. The motion was seconded
           by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

•          Consideration of the 2023 Municipal Tax Rate.
           At this time, it is requested that the Board consider forwarding an Ordinance to the February Board
           Meeting to establish the 2023                                            Municipal Tax Rate for general revenue purposes at no cents (0¢) for
           each one hundred dollars ($100) of valuation for all real and personal property.

          Alderman                   Maserang                  asked           why          tax       rate        was         presented                to     the        Board            so      early in              the       year.         City
          Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained as the City of Fenton has a zero-tax rate it is presented early.
          Alderman Wisbrock asked if a zero tax rate to be increased, would it go to the vote of the people. City
          Attorney Erin Seele explained the City has ability to levy the tax rate up to the last voter approval.

          After discussion, Alderman Huels made a                                                                  motion to forward                              to     the        February               Board of Aldermen
          meeting the consideration of the 2023                                                         Municipal Tax Rate. The motion was seconded by Alderman
          Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

PLANNING AND ZONJNG COMMISSION REPORT -Aid. Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•         Announcements for the Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting:
                                                                                                                                                                                             th
          ■        The Planning and Zoning Commission held a Workshop on February 7                                                                                                               at 6:00 p.m.                     to discuss
                   proposed amendments to the City's Comprehensive Development Plan at City Hall.
                                                                                                                                                                                        th
          ■        The Commission Chairperson called                                                           another Workshop on April                                              5       at 6:00             p.m. to continue
                   discussion of proposed amendments to the City's Comprehensive Development Plan.
                                                                                                                                        th
          ■        As no Petitions were submitted for the February 7                                                                        Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting, the
                   meeting was cancelled.

                   Mayor Maurath noted for the record he feels the City has done a good job over the years and how
                   important                 the       Comprehensive                           Plan         is.      City         of Creve                 Coeur just won                            court case.                   Alderman
                   Maserang inquired on effect that ruling will have on municipalities. City Attorney Erin Seele shared
                   it was a landmark Missouri Supreme Court case based the language in Creve Coeur code that they
                   had discretion to approve or disapprove a Special Use Permit, of which                                                                                                             they did. The City of
                   Fenton does not have that language.

•        The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         There were no other items for recommendation.

•        Other items from the Planning and Zoning Department:
         There were no other items for discussion.

MISCELLANEOUS
•        Consideration of bid acceptance for the 2023 Asphalt.
         The bid opening for the 2023 Asphalt Program was held on February 1, 2023.

         This project consists of overlaying the basketball court at the Riverside Park, overlaying the parking
         lots and drive at Meramec Inn Park, removing and relaying the path from Coleman Pavilion to Mound
         Street, and removing and relaying the path parallel to Opps Lane.

         The City received seven (7) bids for the project with Ford Asphalt submitting the lowest and most
         responsive bid of $93,252.87. Spencer Contracting was the second lowest bid of $107,854.96.


                                                                                                                           10
                                                                                           Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                              February 9, 2023

        Per the 2023 Capital Improvement Plan list, $150,000 was budgeted for this project. At this time, it is
        requested to award the 2023 Asphalt Program bid to Ford Asphalt.

                                                                                                                                                              1
        Public Works Director Dan Howard stated bid opening was held February 15                                                                                and recommended Ford
        Asphalt as they submitted lowest and most responsive bid of $93,252.87 that is below budget.

        Mayor          Maurath asked                   if City had             worked with                 Ford Asphalt before.                        Public Works                 Director Dan
        Howard responded they have not been a contractor for the City of Fenton but have completed parking
        lots around the industrial areas and their work looks good.

       Alderman              Jokerst          made         a    motion          to    forward           to     the      February           Board          of Aldermen                 meeting           the
       consideration                of bid         acceptance              and       award         the      2023        Asphalt          Program            bid      to     Ford       Asphalt          fo(
       $93,252.87. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, the motion
       passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•      Consideration of bid acceptance for the Fenton Sports Complex Fencing.
       The City held the bid opening for the Fenton Sports Complex fencing repairs and upgrades on February
        I, 2023. This project involves the repair of four (4) backstops and the installation of approximately 470'
       of fencing on Field #8.

       The City received two (2) bids for the project. Kirkwood Fence submitted the lowest responsive bid of
       $31,960.00, and Collins and Hermann submitted a bid of $63,709.00.

       In review of the budgeted amount for this project in the Capital Improvement Plan list at $25,000, it is
       suggested that the Board consider doing this project with City forces (City to buy and install fencing) in
       lieu of using a contractor. The estimated cost for Public Works to complete the project is $17,000
       ($5,000 in labor and $14,000 in materials), which is within the $25,000 budget.

       Alderman Maserang inquired if field #8 had a fence in need of repair or would this be new fencing.
       Public Works Director Dan Howard explained field #8 does not have fence down the foul lines and
       would like to dedicate that field as a high school playing field to be utilized June through September.

       Alderman Jokerst inquired if request is being presented to the Board because it over allotted amount
       and shared she did not remember prior conversations regarding this project. City Administrator Nikki
       Finkbiner stated it was approved in the 2023 Capital Plan and it is presented to the Board as formal
       bidding procedure for purchases over $15,000 are required, if it was under $15,000 it would not come
       before the Board. After bids were received, Public Works Director Dan Howard further reviewed cost
       to perform the project in-house. Mayor Maurath expressed he feels items on the Capital Plan typically
       are brought to the Board first for approval to seek bids. He further expressed he feels this may not be a
       project to move forward on at this time and there are a lot of items on the Capital Plan that may also roll
       over to the 2024 Capital Plan. Alderman Jokerst expressed she thought funds were benched marked
       only and that the projects were not approved. Mayor Maurath suggested adding a review of code for
       amendments to next month's agenda.

      Alderman Bereitschaft voiced concerns of performing project in-house due to staffing shortage and
      other         priorities.           Public         Works           Director           Dan        Howard             shared          the      City       has       missed          tournament
      opportunities due to not having a designated high school field. Currently the City utilizes temporary
      fencing.

      Mayor Maurath stated he does not recall discussing this project at prior meetings. Alderman Maserang
      expressed             bid      is    for      $31,960           and       budget          was       $25,000           he     feels       an     approximate                $6,000          budget
      amendment would be better choice due to staff shortage and other projects that need to be addressed.
      Public Works Director Dan Howard stated he was not opposed to the project being awarded out.

                                                                                                     II
                                                                           Board ofAldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                          February 9, 2023

     Alderman Harrell       inquired how much labor time would be                 invested    if performed     in-house.   Mayor
     Maurath inquired if the current Staff was qualified to install the fence.                   Public Works Director Dan
     Howard responded he currently has three (3) employees that previously worked for fencing companies.
     He anticipates three (3) workers a full week, sporadically as time needed to allow poles to set.

     Alderman Wisbrock expressed he feels fencing is needed for a dedicated high school field and added
     protection. He further stated he will support performing in-house if Public Works Director Dan Howard
     is confident that his staff can perform the installation.

     Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if pricing also include repair of back stops. Public Works Director Dan
     Howard replied yes.

     Alderman Clauss asked how much anticipated revenue would be from high school tournaments. Public
     Works Director Dan Howard responded six ( 6) - seven (7) rentals of field on weekends and concession
     sales, he gave ballpark estimate of $4,500 after expenses.

    After discussion, Alderman Jokerst made a motion to forward to the February Board of Aldermen
     meeting the consideration of doing fence project with City forces                     (City to   buy, repair, and      install
     fencing) in lieu of using a contractor. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon a vote being
    taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•   Request to purchase sand for volleyball courts in the park.
    As the City is bringing back Adult Sand Volleyball programming in 2023, a budget of $30,000 was
     provided in the 2023 Capital Plan to purchase the estimated three hundred forty (340) tons of volleyball
    sand needed for the two (2) volleyball courts near the Fenton Sports Complex.

    It is noted that the majority of the sand companies in Missouri do not carry volleyball sand and most of
    the local sand companies around the area only sell river sand. There are companies outside of Missouri
    that sell volleyball sand, but freight cost would be high to bring to our park.

    Staff was able obtain two (2) local quotes for volleyball sand from Covina Quarry in Pevely, Missouri
    and U.S.     Silica in   Pacific, Missouri.     Covina Quarry's quote         is $55.29 a ton with delive,y and           U.S.
    Silica's quote is $82.71 a ton with delivery.

    At this time, Staff is requesting that the Board waive the formal bidding procedure for purchases over
    $15,000 and allow Staff to purchase volleyball sand from Covina Quarry at $55.29/ton, for a total
    approximate cost of $18,798.60. This would allow us to purchase volleyball sand at a low price and be
    able to have the sand in our parks for the opening of programming this spring.

    Alderman Maserang inquired if area flooded and washed away the sand if it would be covered under
    City's insurance. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied                     no, it is a risk that is taken.     Alderman
    Wisbrock asked if it would be spread over the existing sand. Public Works Director Dan Howard
    replied no, existing sand would be removed.

    Mayor Maurath expressed concerns that sand may contain silica dust. City Attorney Erin Seele shared
    the purchase contract has terms that warn it may contain silica dust and the seller is not liable to buyer
    for goods supplied. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested to ask if they would amend the
    purchase contract and remove the liability clause and provide list of what materials contained in the
    sand.

    After discussion, Alderman           Huels made a motion to forward to the February Board of Aldermen
    meeting the request to purchase sand for volleyball courts in the park with no silica contained in the
    sand from Covina Quarry. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken,
    the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

                                                                12
                                               Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                          February 9, 2023

•   Request to purchase lighting for soccer fields in Fenton City Park.
     Within the past couple of years, the City has had numerous requests from soccer clubs, schools, and
    parishes for the rental of the one ( 1) lighted soccer field at the Fenton Sports Complex. With only one
    ( 1) City soccer field available with lights, Staff looked into the cost of adding lighting to two (2) soccer
    fields at Fenton City Park.

    City Staff requested and obtained a quote from Musco Lighting for the installation of field lights within
    Fenton City Park. The quote, that was available for review, is                    through the cooperating Sourcewell
    Purchasing contract Number 071619-MSL. The quote is for lighting two (2) soccer fields and an option
    to provide wire in conduit for future lighting of a third field if the City would desire.

    The quote for the two (2) fields is $336,900.00, with an option for running wire in conduit for one (1)
    additional field at $7,700.00.

    Musco Lighting is the same company the City contracted with in 2018 to install new LED lighting for
    the three (3) softball fields in the City Park. The system being proposed is compatible with the softball
    field light program which allows for automated scheduling of on and off timing and for control of the
    lighting from any device (i.e., cell phone, tablet, or computer).

    Currently, there is $500,000 budgeted on the Capital Projects for the installation of lights for two (2)
    soccer fields. As stated above, with the high interest in field rentals with lights, Staff feels this will be a
    good addition to amenities the City has to offer as the participation in youth sports continues to grow.

    At this time, it is requested approval for the purchase and installation of LED field lighting for two (2)
    soccer fields in Fenton City Park and provided wiring for a future third field.

    Alderman Maserang asked which fields were being proposed for lighting and conduit for future field.
    Public Works Director Dan Howard replied soccer fields #2 and #3 and possibly conduit to field #4 for
    future. Alderman Maserang commented there is a lack of lit soccer fields in the fall for practice and
    feels there is a demand for lit fields. Alderman Maserang expressed he is in favor of lighting for the
    soccer fields and inquired if approved, how long it would take to be installed. Public Works Director
    Dan Howard shared if approved, estimated time to complete the project was four ( 4) - six ( 6) months.

    Alderman Bereitschaft commented if approved, he is in favor of running conduit for future fields. He
    inquired on LED light cost and maintenance concerns. Public Works Director Dan Howard stated the
    proposed lighting system is the same as the current lighting system around three (3) softball fields and
    there is a twenty-five (25) year warranty on parts and labor. The supplier monitors the system, they will
    send an email notifying us that there are lights out and they will have a local company investigate and
    order parts and have repairs completed at no cost to the City.

    Alderman Wisbrock inquired on flood concerns. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared the wiring
    that is installed is rated for underground and wet surfaces.

    Alderman Huels expressed she feels this is a lot of money for a project that has not been discussed
    much and feels that are many other projects that need to be completed. Mayor Maurath agreed, there
    was a    brief discussion but no in-depth discussion, no               request to the Board to go out for            bid and
    suggested considering sending it back to Parks and Recreation Committee for further discussion. He
    feels the pros to the project is it helps to keep the kids off the streets and the cons are the fields are not
    in good condition. Alderman Jokerst shared she agrees with Alderman Huels it is a lot of money for
    lighting for two (2) fields and would rather see other projects completed in the park. Public Works
    Director Dan Howard stated this is a quote not a bid.

    Aldennan Maserang expressed he feels the demand for soccer fields will continue and the investment is
    for the public and future generations.

                                                                13
                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                         February 9, 2023

       Alderman Wisbrock made a                     motion to        send back to          Parks and        Recreation Committee for further
       discussion, and expressed he is in favor of the lights. Alderman Wisbrock rescinded his motion.

       City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained the quote presented is from a co-operative bid and is
       already vetted. Per the City's purchasing policy the City can purchase from this quote. This quote was
       obtained to get a better estimate of the true cost of the project.

      After discussion, Alderman Huels made a                             motion to forward to the February Board of Aldermen
       meeting the request to purchase lighting for soccer fields in Fenton City Park through Sourcewell. The
       motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously
       by the Board of Aldermen.

•     Request to accept donated office furniture from the Fenton Fire Protection District.
      In January, Staff was contacted by the Fenton Fire Protection District (FFFD) to see if the City would
      have any interest in the FFPD's former furniture at Fire House #1. The furniture became available as
      the FFPD's administrative offices are now located at the new Fire House #2 in Fenton Logistics Park
      and they no longer have a need for the remaining items following the move and upcoming remodel of
      Fire House #1.

      Staff did look at the furniture and it is noted that many of the file cabinets and bookshelves as well as
      some chairs and tables could be utilized by the City. Staff is seeking the Boards permission to accept
      the donation of these items from the FFPD.

      After discussion, Alderman Clauss made a motion to forward to the February Board of Aldermen
      meeting the request to accept donated office furniture from the Fenton Fire Protection District. The
      motion       was     seconded        by    Alderman        Bereitschaft.        Upon       a vote      being     taken,     the    motion      passed
      unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

EXECUTIVE SESSION
At 9:33 p.m. Alderman Huels made a motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section 610.021
(1) Legal actions, causes of action or litigation. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

                        Alderman Cruts                     Absent                   Alderman Clauss                     Aye
                        Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                                   Alderman Huels                      Aye
                        Alderman Wisbrock                 Aye                       Alderman Maserang                   Aye
                        Alderman Harrell                  Aye                       Alderman Jokerst                   Aye

It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen.

ADJOURNMENT
At l 0:04 p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting at which time, with no other business before the
Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a
vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

    s

J   e
  ity
City of Fenton

                                                                              14
                                                          Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                      February 9, 2023

                ST. PAUL CATHOLIC SCHOOL - FENTON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I                     f1:>I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          S t .   P a u l
                                       FALL 2023 SOCCER PLANNING
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Ath lf'tic- Associa t io n

                         Fall 2023 Soccer                                                                                                                              Fall 2023 Soccer Season
Tournament Field Rentals
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Field Rentals




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     09 FEB 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            l..._...f'.1-'I
          FALL 2023 ST. PAUL CATHOLIC SCHOOL - FENTON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       St.    P :-'lul
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            :\thl<'Tic- Association
                                                               SOCCER PLANNING


      43RD ANNUAL FALL 2023 ST. PAUL - FENTON SOCCER TOURNAMENT

       REQUESTING THE BOARD TO PLEASE CONSIDER FOR APPROVAL, A
COLLECTIVE FIELD RENTAL PRICE MATCHING COST FROM 2022 ($2,500)
FOR OUR 2023 ST. PAUL SOCCER TOURNAMENT FENTON CITY PARK

      WE ARE ALSO ASKING FOR A                                                                          QUOTE, PLEASE, ON THE POTENTIAL USE
OF THE FENTON CITY PARK'S STRIPING MACHINE THIS YEAR (FALL
2023) TO HELP MORE EFFICIENTLY, LINE THE SOCCER FIELDS DURING
OUR TOURNAMENT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 09 FEB 2023

ATTACHMENT #1:
                                                                                                                                                                                               1~ f1 :>1
FALL 2022 FENTON CITY PARK FIELD PRICING OF
                                                                                                                                                                                                         St. Pa 11l
                                                                                                                                                                                               Atltl<-tic Associati on
$2,500 FOR STP ANNUAL SOCCER TOURNAMENT


                                                    ~~,9~/)l. JJllU •I •

                        This       receipt confirms                      t he     followi,ng           payment              l1as     been         r·eceived           by     CITY        OF
                        FENTON

                         •      Account            Holder:           SL.     Paul       School          Athletic Assoc (1124223)
                         •      Amount:              $2,500.00
                         •      Paymenl Type :                    Check           (33016)
                         •      Paymenl Dale:                     04/26/2022 3: 12                         PM
                         •      Payment             ID:       113 13610

                        This payment was                          applied           to    the following outstanding                                 balances:

                         •      Francesca              Biundo - Soccer Field                            Permit - $2,500.00

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 09 FEB 2023

ATTACHMENT #2:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1~t 1>1
FALL 2023 ANNUAL ST. PAUL - FENTON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    St. P ,1t1l
SOCCER TOURNAMENT FIELD                                                                           PERMIT                                                                                                                 Athl<'tic- /\sso,         iati o11

                                                                                                                                                                                    Rental Contract
                           Contract#: 24243397
                           Date:           01 12012023                                                                                                                      Status:          Issued

                           Fenton Parks and Recreation. 990 Horan Drive hereby grants 81undo. Francesca (hereinafter called the "Licensee") represented by Francesca Biundo,
                           porm1ssion to use the Faciht1es as outlined. subject to the Terms and Conditions or this Agreement contained herein and attached hereto all or which rorm part or
                           this Agreement.

                               i) Purpose of Use                            St. Paul Tournament

                               ii) Conditions of Use

                               iii) Date and Times of Use                            Starting: 08/1112022                                                             Expected: 75
                                                                                     Ending: 08111/2022

                               Facility                                     Day      Start Date                                                                                                Extra     Total
                                                                                                           Start Time        End Date              End Time          Fee
                                                                                                                                                                                               Foe
                                Fenton City Park                            Thu 08/11/2022 06:00                             08/11/2022 09:00                        0.00                      0.00 0.00
                               /Hitzert Pavilion - Max                                                     AM                                      PM
                               Capacity 75

                               Fenton City Park                             Thu      08/11 /2022 06:00                       08/11/2022 09:00                        0.00                      0.00      0.00
                               /Shelter 1 - Max                                                            AM                                      PM
                               Capacity 75

                               Fenton City Park                             Thu      08/11/2022 06:00                        08/11/2022 09:00                        0.00                      0.00 0.00
                               /Shelter 2 - Max                                                            AM                                      PM
                               Capacity 75
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            09 FEB 2023

               FALL 2023 ST. PAUL CATHOLIC SCHOOL - FENTON

                                        SOCCER PLANNING (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                  fE
                                                                                                                                                                                                St. P,1111
                                                                                                                                                                                      :\ t hl<-tic- Asso<'iation

                             ST. PAUL - FENTON eve SOCCER SEASON

                                                   Field Rental Cost                                  Field Rental Cost                                                                  Cost
                Year                                                                                                                               Total Cost
                                              (Practice field w/light)                                (CYC game field)                                                            Difference

               2021                                             $360                                               $900                                $1,260

               2022                                             $360                                                N/A                                  $360

               2023
                                                                $750                                        $1,375 X            *2                     $3,500
       (actual cost)
                                                                                                                                                                                      $1,340
               2023
                                                                $360                                          $900 X          *2                       $2,160
   (requested cost)

* St. Paul - Fenton would like to rent FCP Soccer Field 2 and Field 3 to help eve
with soccer field availability for the upcoming 2023 eve Soccer season
                                                                                                                                                                                                        09 FEB 2023

                                                                                                                  FENTON)
ATTACHMENT #3:                                                                                     e
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1-.-...,1:>1

FALL 2021 FENTON
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           St. J>,.111
                                                                                                 This receipt confirms the following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               :\thl<'ric. Assoc.i ,1ti o 11
CITY PARK FIELD                                                                                   payment has been received by City of

                                                                                                  Fenton
PRICING FOR STP

eve SOCCER SEASON
                                                                                                        •     Account Holder: St. Paul's Catholic

                                                                                                              Church (1073794)

                                                                                                        •     Amount: $1,260.00

                                                                                                        •      Payment Type: Check (31846)

                                                                                                        •      Payment Date: 08/09/2021 10:24

                                                                                                              AM

                                                                                                        •      Payment ID: 10288080

                                                                                                 This payment was applied to the

                                                                                                 following outstanding balances:

                                                                                                        •     Jennifer Musgrave - Soccer Field

                                                                                                              Permit - $900.00

                                                                                                        •     Jennifer Musgrave - Soccer Field
                                                                                                              Permit - $360.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    09 FEB 2023

ATTACHMENT #4:
                                                                                              Requested Reservations                                                                                                         [~f 1-'I
FALL 2021 ST. PAUL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        St.   P:1 11I
                                                                                              Saturday September 11                            2021        - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM                                             :\thl<'tfr J\ssoc-inti o11
eve SOCCER SEASON
  -                                                                                           - Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
FIELD PERMIT                                                                                  Saturday September 18 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM
                                                                                              - Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday September 25 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM
                                                                                              - Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday October 02 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday October 09 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday October 16 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday October 23 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday October 30 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday November 06 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2
                                                                                              Saturday November 13 2021 - 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM -
                                                                                              Fenton City Park /Soccer Field 2


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                09 FEB 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                          l..._..,_fl!l
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     St. Pau l
                                                                                                                                                                                                          :\th l.-•rfr Assoc-i atio11
                   Questions / Comments?

ST. PAUL CATHOLIC S 'CHOOL -                                                                                       FENTON SINCERELY APPRECIATES
THE                BOARD'S                            TIME                 AND                CONSIDERATION                                                WITH                  OUR                PROPOSALS
FOR BOTH OUR FALL 2023 SOCCER TOURNAMENT AND _OUR FALL
2023 eve SOCCER SEASON SOCCER' FIELD REQUESTS!


                                                         THANK You!

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            09 FEB 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ....                                                                                                                       \      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ...           ·,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ....         '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  '           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \            '                       ' \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          '             '                          \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '·           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    '           \                     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         '\ \                           \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 \    \                   \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   \    \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I    \

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          '       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              '       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 \       I             I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I                       I       I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I       I       \
                                                  C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I         \       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \    \
                                                  0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               \    '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \     \
                                          ·-
                                              -1-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ' '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ' '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                '      '
                                                 u
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         '
                                                  :::,


                                                 '-

                                              -I-

                                                 (/)


                                                 C


                                                 0


                                           u


                                                       I




                                                E


                                                0


                                                0

                                                '-

                                         ..c.

                                             -I-

                                                re


                                          ca


                                                V

                                        -

                                                u


                                        ·-
                                        ...0


                                                re

-------L.L..

                                           ....

                                                '
                                                     '
                     ,.
                                                          '
                /                                             '
            /                                                     '                                      '     '
        I                                                              '
                                                                                                                    '
                                                                           ' ',                                          '
                                                                                          .... '                              ' \
                                                                                                                                     \
                                                                                                     '
                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                          '
                                                                                                               '                          \
                                                                                                                   '
                                                                                                                        '
                                                                                                                                             '
                                                                                                                            '                    '
                                                                                                                                 '                   '
                                                                                                                                     '
                                                                                                                                                          '
                                                                                                                                          '                    '
                                                                                                                                              '
                                                                                                                                                                   '
                                                                                                                                                   '
                                                                                                                                                        '              '
                                                                                                                                                            '              '
                                                                                                                                                                 '             '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \          '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ---                                                                                     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ---
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \
                                                                                                                                                                                                   OW'NOJ.N'3.i
                                                                                                                                                                      1N3fVDJVJ3G SWVJ NOJ.N3.i
                                                                                                                                                                                  JAIOON.LS3N @VGNV.LS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I



•    ;.   t.



                                                                                                                                             .,..,....,.....JG=io~
                                                                                                                                                                                        '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  -----                                                                                                                                                                         \        \




                                                                                                                                                                                          OW 'NOJ.N'3.:l
  .._. . ,.....                                                                                                                                               J.N3JVD!Vd:Ja S>mVd NOJ.N:l.i
---·                         ..,,. .. _
        ••--• ·c.•                   -                                                                                                                                   JVOOHJ.Sm/ UHVGNVJ.S
···-~






























                                                                                                                                  ii I!
                                                                                                                                    , ,it
                                                                                                                             di
                                                                                                                                        11'
                                                                                                                            1 ,1.                      l l l
                                                                                                                                          1'
                                                                                                                       I 1 l • i.11
                                                                                                                                                       , '     l
                                                                                                                                                                      l              j
                                                                                                                                                                       j.
                                                                                                                        t l j,.1,,                                    ''
                                                                                                                                                       ~u              • !
                                                                                                                        .. l        :       '
                                                                                                                                                                                     !1
                                                                                                                             . ;m11                    i 11!          l !            '1
                                                                                                                                                          •11         1 t            f'
                                                                                                                             I ,i •1! •i               i ,,            ' t          Jf
                                                                                                                       I
                                                                                                                          J!J:P·,                      iJill                        .!
                                                                                                                 '".Ii • • ·!m~· :I ..,
                                                                                                                            •   'ii • •     •                         '    '
                                                                                                                                                          d?          : ! , ;
                                                                                                                 iB 1·· 1=!                           :                             ~-
                                           .,
                                                                     I
                                                                                   :                             ~\l Iii-Ai : ;:t                                     ! i            H
                                      :                              D,;--··                                                                               ~           ~ t        l !
                                                                                                                 ~      -       i'i ii:;" l
                                                      ~                                                                     l :·               l I        '·11 ! I Hii
                               ii~{                            !OJ."
                                                                                                                 >-I ,.J,.cl• ! a
                              d,a                                                                                ir~                                     ~ I :                    :: jl
                                                                                                                            ,     ,       I    r:                     ,! I• ,
                                                       ! ••~ ~
                         -~"                             . ......
                                                                                                                                              ., ·
                                                                                                                                                                      ! ' ; ! jI
                                          -                                          '                                      I,'                : :
                                                                                                                 i
                                                                                                                            q,1,.p                            l       l ! bi
                                                                                                                                                            I
                                                                                                                 8
                                                                                                                            i a;i ~'.:; n • r itl,11
                                                                                                                                                          ,ll         i ,i l; !:
                                                                                                                 ;, i : },!I l !° ! ,Si
                                                                                                                                                          •!?         • H~; l~
                                                                                                                 __,   X
                                                                                                                            1,! !l"l )     t•·t f•.1,
                                                                                                                                                           t, ~!·'1'"!1
                                                                                                                 ~p ·/?,,•               '->-¥--, t* • !;! .. !! ~:




                                                                                                                                            \
                                                                                                                                               \
                                                                                                                                                  \
                                                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                                                           '
                                                                                                                                                                 '
                                                                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                                                                               \
                                                                                                                                                                          '
                                                                                                                                                                                   \
                                                                                                                                                                                       \

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ....                                                          \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                            ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ....                            '   ....                                      \      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                     ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \
                                                                                                                                                                                              --- ....     '                                                  '
                                                                                                                                                                                                        '      '                          ' \                   \    \
                                                                                                                                                                                                            '     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                               '       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ' \                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ....    '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ....   '                       \                      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             '     \                                             \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ' \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \    \                 \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I    \               '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \     \                  \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \       \               \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   '      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I    I                I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I     I                I       I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \     \               I       I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \'                                     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              '        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            '\                   \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               \     \              \       \       ' '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ·,    \                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \     \               \        '   ....
        C                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ·,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ' \ ' '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   '          '
        0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ' ....
·-
     -I-

        re

        u

·-
        I...

...0

       re

'-1-

        (1)

        I...

a..


             I



       E

       0

       0

       I...

..c

-I-

       re

m












                                                                                                \
                                                                                                    '
                                                                                                        ' \

                                                                                                                '
                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                    '
                                                                                                                           '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             \        \

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ' \

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ..    \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I     \                                     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \                        I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                '                        I                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ' \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I                 I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   \        \                        I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '                            I                I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I                        I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I                                       I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I                         I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I                                        I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I                           I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I                                           I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I                             I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I                              I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \                                              \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \      I                             I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           \     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ' ·,                                         '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  \'                                           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      '             '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ' ·,                                     ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          '          ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \      '                   '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  '           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ' ....




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     mh

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     lllli


























,,,.,.-----



                                                                                                                     ....
                                                                                                               -           ....
                                                                                                                                 '
                                                                                                                                       '
                                                                                        '
                                                                                              '                                                  \
                                                                                                          ....                              '
                                                                                                     '
                                                                                                                ....                                I
                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                           '                              \
                                                                                                                                 '                            \
                                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                                           '
                                                                                                                                                                  '
                                                                                                                                                                      '
                                                                                                                                                                            '
                                                                                                                                                                                 '
                                                                                                                                                                                      ' \
                                                                                                                                                                                               '
                                                                                                                                                                                   '               '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         \       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             \      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         '                            '                                                                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 - '                                       '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      '            '                                 \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            '          '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                '           '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    '            '                         \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        '            '                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ', \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ' \ ' I                      \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \    \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      '        \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \      \             I        I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I               I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I      I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I      I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             \     \                         ,       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \     \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 \      '
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \      '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        '













































      ------
                                          '
                                               '
         ,,,.--- .....                              '
                                     '                   '
    /
                                                              '
/                                          '                       '
                                               '
                                                                        '
                                                    '                       '
                     /                                                            '
                                                         '                             '
                /                     '                                                     '
                                                             '                                    -
            I                              '                                                            '
                         /.,,.. -       ,                        '                                                 ....
                                                ' \                                                          '
         I                                                            '
    /                I                       \         \                  '
                                                                                                                       '
                                                                              '
                   /                           I          \                         '                                       ' \
                                                                                         '
                /                              I            \                                 '    ....                            \
                                                \                                                                                    \
  ....       /
                                                    ....                                                '
                                                                ' '
                                                                          -                                                             \
                                                                                                             '
                                                         -                      -
                                                                                                                  '                        \
                                                                                            -
                                                                                            -'         ....           '
                                                                                                  - '                      '
                                         --------                                                       ','                    '               '
                                   /                                                                                                               '
                                                                                                                                   '
                               I        .,---------::, ,~,                                                                                              '
                                                                                                                                        '                   '
                            I       I                                ----- ,,                                             ,,
                                                                -                                  ...... ,   ,    ,           ,, '                              '
                           I     I                                                                           ,,,                   ,, '
                                              ---                                                                                                    '              '
                          I      I                                                                                                                                          \
                                                                                                                                                          '             '
                                                                                                                  '    '\'             '    '
                                                                                                                                                              '

   Missouri Department of
      Conservation Mission

• To protect and manage the fish,
   forest, and wildlife resources of the
   state;
• To facilitate and provide opportunity
   for all citizens to use, enjoy, and
   learn about these resources.

  QJ
-0
:,
~

~



  QJ
  QI)
-0
  QJ
  3:
  0
  C
~



  VI
  VI
  QJ
  C
  QJ
  ,.__
ro

~

>
L.
+-'
V)
QJ
L.
0
LL

>
+-'      QJ
·-       L.
C        ro
:::s   ....c

E (./)

E~
0        0
uu

F:orest

ReLe

Of! MISSOURII

                                                                                                                                                                       --     -·----

Community Conservation Cost Share for planning, habitat improvement,

                                                                           stewardship

                  4-'

                   C

                   ro
          C
                   L

          0

                 l9
         ·-
         4-'

          ro       Q_
"'O
                 ·-
          >
C
          L      ..c

ro                 V)
          QJ
_J
                   L
          V)

                   QJ
          C

                   C
          0
                  4-'
                   L

                   ro

                 0....

  CAP (Community

Assista nee Program)

  Fishing Lakes and

Urban Fishing Program

Fish, Forest, and Wildlife

Technical Assistance
