
                                     CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                        625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                      MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN MEETING
                                     THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2023
                                                   7:00P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, February 23, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City
Hall and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
         Aldennan Bereitschaft            Present            Aldennan Clauss              Present
         Aldennan Cruts                   Present            Aldennan Huels              Present
         Alderman Wisbrock                Present            Aldennan Maserang           Present
         Alderman Harrell                 Present            Aldennan Jokerst            Present
Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
City Attorney Erin Seele
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Precinct Captain Kevin Lawson









                                            Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                 February 23, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath announced the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be hosting a public meeting on
Tuesday, March 28, 2023, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. at Fenton City Hall to present general study
information and to gather feedback on potential flood risk management solutions.

Mayor Maurath announced the Missouri Municipal League, in coordination with the City of Fenton
                                                                                                                                     th
will be hosting a public meeting on Thursday, March 30                                                                                   at 7:00 p.m. at Fenton City Hall to discuss
and provide facts regarding Proposition U - Local Use Tax, which will be on the April 4th General
Election Ballot.

Mayor Maurath shared that he,                                                  Alderman Huels and Alderman Harrell attended the Valley Park
                                                                                                                             th
Planning and Zoning Board meeting on February                                                                           13       regarding a                  petition            proposed               by      Valley          Park
Properties, LLC to amend an existing conditional use permit for 7 .16-acre property to develop the
property into a solid waste combustor and incinerator facility. The petitioner was granted a withdrawal
until such time as a larger venue can be secured due to the large turnout of the public. Mayor Maurath
expressed concerns for the health and safety this type of facility may create.

Mayor Maurath offered prayers for Janae Edmondson, a volleyball player who was in town for a
volleyball tournament, who lost both of her legs following a crash in downtown St. Louis over the
weekend.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES:                                                        Reading of the minutes is waived since copies were given to Board
members in advance of the meeting and made available to the general public.

01 26 2023 Board of Aldermen Meeting - Alderman Clauss made a motion to approve the minutes
of the January 26,                               2023, Board of Aldermen Meeting.                                                         The motion was seconded                                           by Alderman
Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the
Board of Aldermen.

02 02 2023 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting - Alderman Cruts made a motion to approve the
minutes of the February 2, 2023, Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded by
Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
by the Board of Aldermen.

02 09 2023 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting - Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to approve
the minutes of the February 9, 2023, Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded
by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

APPROVAL OF WARRANTS: The term warrant                                                                                           is    used          in     State Statutes and,                            by definition,
means invoices or bills submitted for payment of goods or services from external sources.

Alderman Cruts made a motion to approve the warrants for the period of O1/01 /2023 to 01/31/2023
in the amount of $1,492,540.19 as submitted. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.

Alderman Bereitschaft asked for clarification on different vendors for employment screenings. City
Clerk Jane Hungler explained one conducted fitness testing, one conducted background checks and
another conducted drug screenings.

Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of
Aldermen.

                                                                                                                2
                                                                                         Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                                                  February 23, 2023

PUBLIC COMMENTS
There were no public comments.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT -Aid. Harrell, Liaison
❖ Announcements:
                                                                                                                                                                                     1
          •        The Planning and Zoning Commission held a Workshop on February 7"                                                                                                    at 6:00 p.m. to discuss
                   proposed amendments to the City's Comprehensive Development Plan at City Hall
                                                                                                                                                                               th
          •        The Commission Chairperson called another Workshop on April 5                                                                                                    at 6:00 p.m. to continue
                   discussion of proposed amendments to the City's Comprehensive Development Plan.
                                                                                                                                    th
          •        As no Petitions were submitted for the February 7                                                                    Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting,
                   the meeting was cancelled.

❖ Public Hearing:
                   There were no public hearings.

❖ The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
                   There were no other recommendations.

❖ Other items from the Community Development Department:
                   There were no other items.

PARKS AND RECREATION-Aid. Huels, Liaison
❖ Announcements:
         •        The Certificate of Appreciation was presented to Cyndy Paul for her service on the Parks and
                  Recreation Committee.
         •        The Oath of Office was administered to Mike Abbott (Ward 4) and Mary Heinemann (Ward
                  2), tenns ending January 2025.
         •        Parks and Recreation Committee Elections: Gary Johnson was re-elected as Chainnan, Mary
                  Heinemann was re-elected as Vice-Chainnan, and Lynn Hughes was re-elected as Secretary.
         •        The          Missouri               Department                     of Conservation                           (MDC)               gave          a     presentation                   regarding                grant
                  opportunities.
                  The following items were continued to the next Parks and Recreation Committee Meeting to
                  allow Staff to provide additional information:
                   ■        Discussion regarding replacement of benches (picnic tables) in the parks.
                   ■        Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve.
                   ■        Discussion regarding use of the former greenhouse area in Fabick Nature Preserve.
         •        Discussion regarding additional parking at the Olde Towne Pavilion was continued until after
                  the 2023 Farmers Market season.

         Alderman                   Jokerst             inquired               if there               would             be       discussion                  on       capitalizing                   on       MDC              grant
         opportunities. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained further discussion will go before the
         Parks and Recreation Committee for consideration.

❖ The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
                  There were no other recommendations.

❖ Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
         •        Approval of a request to establish league rates for City programs.

                  Alderman Huels made a motion to approve the request to establish league rates for City
                  programs with amendment ofreduced rates to adult kickball from $500 to $3 50 and adult wiffie

                                                                                                               3
                                                                                         Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                                                                 February 23, 2023

                   ball from $300 to $200 and update fees on the website. The motion was seconded by Alderman
                   Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed unanimously by the
                   Board of Aldermen.

MAYOR'S REPORT
❖ Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute an agreement with Ford Asphalt Co., Inc. for the 2023
          Asphalt Program.

          Mayor Maurath announced this will be considere,d under the new bill section.

❖ Approval of Public Works purchasing and installing new fencing at Fenton Sports Complex,
                                                                                    th
          as discussed at the February 9                                                Committee Meeting.

          Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to approve Public Works purchasing and installing new fencing
                                                                                                                                                1h
          at Fenton Sports Complex, as discussed at the February 9                                                                                  Committee Meeting. The motion was
          seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed
          unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

❖ Consideration of a request to purchase sand for volleyball courts in the park.
          (As an agreement has not been reached with the vendor regarding contract terms and conditions,
          this matter will be forwarded to the March Board Meeting unless otherwise noted by the Board).

          Public Works Director Dan Howard shared due to concerns ofcontaminated materials in previously
          discussed sand, upon further review he will be going with a different vendor and type of sand. He
         will be utilizing masonry type sand.

❖ Consideration of a request to purchase lighting for soccer fields in Fenton City Park.

         This matter will be forwarded to the March Board Meeting.

❖ Approval of a request to accept donated office furniture from the Fenton Fire Protection
                                                                                                         th
         District, as discussed at the February 9                                                             Committee Meeting.

         Alderman Maserang made a                                                motion to accept donated office furniture from the Fenton Fire
                                                                                                                           th
         Protection District, as discussed at the February 9                                                                   Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded
         by       Alderman                  Harrell.             Upon            a    vote          being          taken,           it was             announced                   that the             motion              passed
         unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

❖ Mayor's appointment to the Parks and Recreation Committee, Ward 1, term ending January
         2025.

         There was no appointment made.

❖ Mayor's appointment to the Parks and Recreation Committee, Ward 3, term ending January
         2025.

         There was no appointment made.

CITY CLERK'S REPORT
❖ Approval for a request by the Board of Elections for the City to serve as a 2023 and 2024
         Polling Place.
         Alderman Cruts made a motion to approve the request by the Board of Elections for the City to
         serve as a 2023 and 2024 Polling Place. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon a
         vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

                                                                                                               4
                                                                                         Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                                                 February 23, 2023

REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES

❖ POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid. Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokers!}
      Captain Lawson introduced Officer Dominique Griffin to the Board. Officer Griffin was assigned
                                                                           th
      to the Fenton Precinct effective February 19                           . He has eight (8) years previously serving north and
      south county St. Louis County Police precincts as well as metro transit and auto crimes unit, and
      he also served the Maryland Heights Police Department. The Board welcomed Officer Griffin.

      •     Monthly Report - Capt. Lawson
            o     Responded to 707 calls for service vs. 780 in December 2022 and 624 in January 2022.
            o     Handled 1,138 self-initiated assignments vs. 1,388 in December 2022 and 1,489 in January
                  2022.
            o     21 arrests (includes SIL's) vs. 18 in December 2022 and 13 in January 2022.
            o     Responded and handled 828 radio/on-view assignments in the retail business area vs. 70 l
                   in December 2022 and 584 in January 2022.
            o     Those calls resulted in 9 arrests vs. l 0 in December 2022 and 7 in January 2022.
            o     Issued 132 traffic citations, 79 warning citations and 0 DWI vs. 67/24/0 in December 2022
                  and 4 7/24/0 in January 2022.
            o     Radar trailer with Flock camera was deployed on Uthoff Drive and Cassens Drive and
                  stealth radar was not deployed.
            o     Handled:
                       l Part I crimes against persons vs. 5 in December 2022 and 0 in January 2022.
                      21 Part I crimes against property vs. 21 in December 2022 and 28 in January 2022.
                      3 Part l crimes against society vs. 2 in December 2022 and 2 in January 2022.

     •      City of Fenton Court Statistics for January 2023.
            Alderman          Clauss      asked      if there      were      any    questions        or comments             on disbursements              of
            $3,754.SOfor Rejis and $7,710.50 for Show-Me-Court. There were no comments or questions.

     •      Consideration of a request for an agreement with NCR Payment Solutions to provide
            credit card/debit card reader services for Municipal Courts.                                             (As an agreement has not
            been reached with the vendor regarding contract terms and conditions, this matter will be
           forwarded to the March Board Meeting unless otherwise noted by the Board).
            City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared a resolution has been reached and this matter will
            be on Special Meeting agenda next Thursday for consideration.

     •      Ord. amending Article XI, Offenses Concerning Alcohol or Drugs, in compliance with
           Amendment 3 to the Missouri Constitution.

           Alderman Clauss announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

     •     Ord.      authorizing           the Mayor to execute a                     first    amendment to the Memorandum of
           Understanding with the Gravois Bluffs Transportation Development District relating to
           license plate readers.

           Alderman Clauss announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

     •     Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a fourth amendment to the services agreement
           with Flock Group, Inc. to continue to provide license plate readers within the City for
           another term of one year.

                                                                          5
                                                           Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                 February 23, 2023

           Alderman Clauss announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

❖ PERSONNEL -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Cruts, Huels, Jokers!)
           Monthly Report
           o    The City is currently advertising for the following positions:
                Public Works Department
                •     Maintenance Worker I
                •     Assistant Building and Grounds Technician

                Parks and Recreation Department
                •    Recreation Associate II / Park Concession Stand Attendant
                ■
                     Recreation Associate III I Field Manager
                ■
                     Recreation Associate III / Adult Sports Official
                ■
                     Recreation Associate IV/ Park Concession Stand Manager
                ■
                      Recreation Associate IV/ Athletic Field Grounds Maintenance Worker
                •    Recreation Associate V / Softball Umpire
                ■
                     Recreation Associate V / Volleyball Official

     •    Approval for the Mayor to execute acceptance of discounted pricing with Mercy for
                                                                                                 nd
          Occupational Health Services, as discussed at the February 2                              Committee Meeting.

          Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to authorize the Mayor to execute acceptance ofdiscounted
                                                                                                                                      nd
          pricing     with   Mercy      for Occupational         Health Services, as          discussed at       the   February     2
          Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being
          taken, it was announced that the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

     •    Approval to have five Seasonal Workers (in lieu of three) at Public Works, as discussed
                                   nd
          at the February 2            Committee Meeting.

          Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to approve to have five (5) Seasonal Workers (in lieu of
                                                                                        nd
          three (3)) at Public Works, as discussed at the February 2                        Committee Meeting. The motion
          was seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
          passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

❖ COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS                                              - Aid.    Bereitschaft,     Chairman (Harrell,
     Clauss, Maserang)
     •    Monthly Report
          o     During the month ofJanuary 2023, the following businesses received an Occupancy Permit
                in the City of Fenton:
                •    Alsana, 1859 Bowles Avenue, Suite 105 (administration and non-medical offices for
                     treatment center)
                •    Midwest Automotive Designs a dba MD Trans, LLC, 2275 Cassens Drive, Suite
                     112 (customizing shop for sprinter vans)

          o     The City's current contract for Newsletter Printing Services is set to expire at the end of
               April. A bid notice for these services was posted and the bid opening was held February
                   nd                                                                            nd
                22   . Bid results will be presented to the Board at the March 2                    Committee Meeting, under
                Community Development and Affairs, for consideration.



                                                                6
                                                   Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                        February 23, 2023

           Approval of gift cards to local restaurants for City volunteers in lieu of an appreciation
                                                                   nd
           dinner, as discussed at the February 2                     Committee Meeting.

           Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to approve the gift cards to local restaurants for City
                                                                                                                         nd
           volunteers      in lieu of an appreciation dinner, as discussed at the February 2                                 Committee
           Meeting. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon a vote being taken, it was
           announced that the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

❖ CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid. Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels)
      •    Monthly Report
           o     The following projects are currently underway:
                 ■    Horan Drive Project - All closeout documents have been submitted to MoDOT. Once
                      approved, final payment will be made to the contractor. The overall construction cost
                      came in at $23,644.34 below the contacted amount.

                 ■    Allen Road Project - The retaining walls have been completed. Once weather allows,
                      the asphalt work will be completed along with the final grading and restoration.

                 ■    Rudder Road Project - A preconstruction meeting was held on February 7, 2023.
                      Construction is anticipated to begin in mid-April-early May.
           o     The following projects are currently in design phase:
                 ■    Larkin     Williams      Road     Project (concrete portion) - The needed right-of-way and
                      temporary construction easements have been obtained. Once right-of-way is cleared
                      by MoDOT the final plans package will be completed and submitted to MoDOT for
                      approval.

                 ■    S. Old Highway 141 Project (mill and overlay)-Construction design is under way.

                                                                                                                        nd
     •     Approval of a Long-Range Capital Plan, as discussed at the February 2                                           Committee
           Meeting.

           Alderman Maserang made a motion to approve the Long-Range Capital Plan, as discussed at
                               nd
           the February 2         Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a
           vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed unanimously by the Board of
           Aldermen.

❖ PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY - Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
     •     Monthly Update
           o    Public Works will be performing stump grinding operation within the parks and residential
                areas where trees were removed this past year.

           o    Crack sealing operations will be taking place throughout the winter on newly reconstructed
                slabs and continued areas of preemptive maintenance around the City.

           o    Pothole repair is ongoing as needed.

❖ INFORMATION SERVICES-Aid. Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Huels, Maserang)
     •    Monthly Update
           o    Per ENT, below are notes on the open service tickets and ongoing projects and sales:
                ■     Open Service Tickets:
                      •    Setup     SnipelT - Service ticket 283992 - setting                      up   and    Asset Management
                           solution.


                                                                  7
                                                    Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                         February 23, 2023

                    •     Computer Audit - Working with staff to identify and tag all City computers that
                          will be logged into the Asset Management Solution.

                    •     Service Ticket      #284440      - FAA      Building - one        of the   cables    will need     re-
                         terminated, this is at the project manager for scheduling a tech onsite.

                    •     Service Ticket #283913 - voice mail - setting up a voicemail for a new police
                         officer. The ticket is ready to be closed.
               •    Projects:
                    •    There are no open projects at this time.

               •    Sales:
                    •    There is one open quote for an All-in-one monitor for City Hall.

                                                                    nd
          o    As approved by the Board on February 2                 , ENT is    in the process of finalizing the quote
               for a 2023- 2024 Managed Services Agreement that will be presented to the Board in March
               or April for consideration in advance of the existing contract expiration date (May 3 1,
               2023).

          o    Service Ticket List for January 2023 was available for review.

     •    Approval of a request to negotiate an agreement with Essential Network Technology to
          continue the City's Comprehensive IT Services.
          Alderman Harrell made a motion to approve the request to negotiate an agreement with
          Essential Network Technology to continue the City's Comprehensive IT Services. The motion
          was seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
          passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

❖ FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokerst)
          Monthly Financial Updates for December 2022 (draft).
         INVESTMENTS
          The total value of City's cash and investments (General Fund, Storm Water/Parks Fund, and
          Capital Projects Fund) was $21,267,056 at 12/31/22.

         The Storm       Water/Parks      Fund cash and        investments was $8,170,127 at 12/31/22. Of this
         amount,     $2,454,318      is restricted for Storm Water/Parks and the remaining $5,715,809                         is
         committed for emergencies or assigned for Storm Water/Parks.

          OPERATIONS
         The December financial report, which was presented in full at the previous Finance Committee
         meeting, reported the results of operations through December 31, 2022.
         o     General Fund operating revenues as of 12/31/22 were approximately $6,227,414 while
               operating expenditures were approximately $5,457,294. Revenues are at approximately
               97.65% of the annual budget of$6,377,087, and expenditures are at approximately 91 .73%
               of the annual budget of $5,949,231.

         o     Storm Water/Parks Fund revenues as of 12/31/22 were approximately $4,769,237 while
              expenditures were approximately $4,607,054. Revenues are at approximately 100.51 % of
              the annual budget of $4,744,925, and expenditures are at approximately 89.62% of the
              annual budget of $5,140,557.


                                                            8
                                                Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                     February 23, 2023

                  SALES TAX REDISTRIBUTIONS
                  The amount of sales tax redistributed back to St. Louis County for December 2022:

                    "A" SALES TAX                                                    "B" (POOL) SALES TAX                                                      COMBINED SALES TAX
                          SUMMARY                                                                    SUMMARY                                                                   SUMMARY
        Generated I                     Redistributed                            Generated I                      Redistributed                            Generated                  l      Redistributed
        $528,303                  I $306,255(58.0%)                             $213,917                   I ($64,711)(30.3¾)                              $742,220                   I $370,966(50.0%)

         •        Approval of a                        request to                 purchase additional                              payment terminals                              through              Forte,          as
                                                                                 th
                  discussed at the February 9                                        Committee Meeting.

                  Aldennan Cruts                         made          a    motion to                approve             the      request to                purchase additional                          payment
                                                                                                                                        th
                  tenninals through Forte, as discussed at the February 9                                                                   Committee Meeting. The motion was
                  seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
                  passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

         •        Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a fourth amendment to the services agreement
                  with Flock Group, Inc. to continue to provide license plate readers within the City for
                  another term of one year.

                  Aldennan Cruts announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

❖ HEALTWSAFETY -Aid. Jokerst, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
         •        Monthly Update
                  o        Gateway Tree Service continues to remove dead, diseased trees within City parks and
                           properties and public right-of-way.
                  o        CAP 205:                 Meramec River Flood Risk Management Study - The U.S. Army Corps of
                           Engineers, St. Louis District, in coordination the City of Fenton is hosting an in-person
                           public meeting on Tuesday, March 28, 2023, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. at Fenton City
                           Hall, 625 New Smizer Mill Road, Fenton, MO 63026, to present general study information
                          and to gather feedback on potential flood risk management (FRM) solutions to address
                          damages to homes, businesses, and critical infrastructure along the Meramec River. The
                           meeting will include an overview of the study process and potential alternatives currently
                           under consideration to reduce flood risk to business owners and residents.

CONSIDERATION OF PENDING BILLS
There were no pending bills.

CONSIDERATION OF NEW BILLS:
Bill~ Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute an agreement with Ford Asphalt Co., Inc. for
                          the 2023 Asphalt Program.
                          Sponsor: Jokerst

Alderman Jokerst desired first reading of Bill No. 23-09. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Aldennan Jokerst made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Aldennan Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-09 for a
second time by title only.

                                                                                                        9
                                                                                   Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                                           February 23, 2023

Aldennan Jokerst made a motion that Bill No. 23-09 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4299. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Huels.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                     Aye                     Alderman Clauss                     Aye
            Aldennan Cruts                            Aye                     Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                     Alderman Maserang                   Aye
            Alderman Harrell                          Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-09 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4299 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill 2l:lJl       Ord. amending Article XI, Offenses Concerning Alcohol or Drugs, in compliance with
                  Amendment 3 to the Missouri Constitution.
                  Sponsor: Clauss

Alderman Clauss desired first reading of Bill No. 23-10. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Aldennan Clauss made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-10 for a
second time by title only.

Alderman Clauss made a motion that Bill No. 23-10 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4300. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                     Aye                     Alderman Clauss                     Aye
            Alderman Cruts                            Aye                     Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                     Aldennan Maserang                   Aye
            Aldennan Harrell                          Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-10 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4300 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill lJ:ll.       Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a first amendment to the Memorandum of
                  Understanding with the Gravois Bluffs Transportation Development District relating
                  to license plate readers.
                  Sponsor: Clauss

Alderman Clauss desired first reading of Bill No. 23-11. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Alderman Clauss made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-11 for a second time
by title only.

                                                                       10
                                                         Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                              February 23, 2023

Alderman Clauss made a motion that Bill No. 23-11                                 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4301. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

             Alderman Bereitschaft                     Aye                      Alderman Clauss                      Aye
            Alderman Cruts                             Aye                      Alderman Huels                       Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                          Aye                      Alderman Maserang                    Aye
            Alderman Harrell                           Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                     Aye

It was announced that Bill No.                     23-11     was     passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 430 l when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill 2J:ll        Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a fourth amendment to the services agreement
                  with Flock Group, Inc. to continue to provide license plate readers within the City for
                  another term of one year.
                  Sponsor: Clauss

Alderman Clauss desired first reading of Bill No. 23-12. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Alderman Clauss made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-12 for a second time
by title only.

Alderman Clauss made a motion that Bill No. 23-12 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4302. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Maserang.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                      Aye                      Alderman Clauss                     Aye
            Alderman Cruts                             Aye                      Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                          Aye                      Alderman Maserang                    Aye
            Alderman Harrell                           Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-12 was passed by the                                      Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4302 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill 2.l:ll       Ord. establishing the year 2023 municipal tax rate for general revenue purposes in
                  the City of Fenton, Missouri at no cents for each one hundred dollars of valuation for
                  all real and personal property.
                  Sponsor: Huels

Alderman Huels desired first reading of Bill No. 23-13. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one time
by title only.

Alderman Huels made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-13 for a second time

                                                                        II
                                                          Board ofAldermen Meeting
                                                               February 23, 2023

by title only.
Alderman Huels made a motion that Bill No. 23-13 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4303. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Cruts.
Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:
               Alderman Bereitschaft                               Aye                           Alderman Clauss                             Aye
               Alderman Cruts                                      Aye                           Alderman Huels                              Aye
               Alderman Wisbrock                                   Aye                           Alderman Maserang                            Aye
               Alderman Harrell                                    Aye                           Alderman Jokerst                            Aye
It was announced that Bill No. 23-13                                      was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4303 when and if signed by the Mayor.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
There was no executive session held.
ADJOURNMENT
At 7:49 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The
motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

       ·~
         Cl
City of Fenton








                                                                                       12
                                                                      Board ofAldennen Meeting
                                                                            February 23, 2023
