
                                     CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                        625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
          MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                        THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2023
                                                   7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, March 2, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall
and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
    Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present               Alderman Chris Clauss - Present - via Videoconference
    Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present           Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present (7: 15) - via Videoconference
    Alderman Robin Huels - Present                  Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
    Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                  Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Precinct Sergeant Kendall









                                             Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                         March 2, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath shared there have been inquires on the upcoming Proposition U (use tax) ballot issue.
Mayor Maurath shared an email was received from Wayne Mueller, he will have the City Attorney give
further clarity of response under Community Development and Affairs discussion.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
          There were no public comments.

POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid. Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
          There were no items for discussion.

PERSONNEL - Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Cruts, Huels, Jokerst)
•         Consideration of job descriptions.
          To allow for a more thorough review of each job description, only amended draft revisions of Public
                                                                                                                                                                         nd
          Works Department job descriptions, as discussed at the February 2                                                                                                   Board of Aldennen Committee
          meeting, as well as the organizational chart, were available for review.

                   •         Building and Grounds Maintenance Worker
                   •         Building and Grounds Technician Assistant
                   •         Building and Grounds Technician
                   •         Seasonal Maintenance Worker
                   •         Maintenance Worker I
                   •         Maintenance Worker II; and
                   •         Maintenance Worker III

         The remaining draft job descriptions revisions will be presented to the Board at the April Committee
          meeting. After review, there was no further discussion, questions, or amendments to the Public Works
         job descriptions.

         Aldennan Wisbrock made a motion to open the topic to the full Board. The motion was seconded
         by Aldennan Huels. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously
         passed by the Committee.

         Alderman Wisbrock made a final motion to approve the proposed Public Works job descriptions as
         submitted.                 The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon                                                                                                a vote being taken, it was
         announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the Board of Aldermen.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS - Aid.                                                                                                            Bereitschaft,                    Chairman (Harrell,                               Clauss,
Maserang)
•        Discussion regarding Proposition U (Use Tax).
         City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared after discussion and review of Frequently Asked Questions
         (FAQ), the flyer was revised with further clarification to provide more information that is less confusing
         for an easier understanding and Staff is encouraging additional feedback and suggestions.

         The revised FAQ will be placed in the March/April newsletter, postcards will be mailed out inviting all
                                                                1
         to attend the March 30°                                   meeting, and infonnation has been posted on City website, social media, and
         the digital billboard at Highway 141 and Interstate 44.

         Aldennan Jokerst suggested providing examples in the flyer.


                                                                                                                                      2
                                                                                                     Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                           March 2, 2023

     Mayor Maurath read the email received from Mr. Mueller into the record, "If Prop U passes is there
     any mechanism in place to prevent St. Louis County from siphoning off more money from the city? If
     not, what is the purpose of increasing the tax burden on the residents of Fenton?"

     City Attorney Erin Seele explained if City passed the use tax, RSMo. 144.759 (I) there would be no
     redistribution of money. Whereas, if County would pass the use tax, RSMo. 144.759 (2) the County
     would redistribute a portion of the use tax to municipalities based on population.

     Alderman Maserang inquired if both City and County had the proposition on the ballot and both passed
     the tax would the City collect both. City Attorney Erin Seele replied yes, the City would collect 100%
     of the collected use tax from the City imposed tax (minus collection costs) and a redistributed portion
     of the use tax imposed by the county based on population of that city. There was consideration to
     include this example on the FAQ.

     City    Administrator Nikki           Finkbiner shared          all need      to encourage        residents     with any      questions,
     comments, or concerns regarding Prop U to send the same to the City Clerk so they can be addressed
     at the Public Meeting.

•    Consideration of bids for Newsletter Printing Services.
     The City's current agreement for Newsletter Printing Services for the printing of the City's Monthly
     News & Views Newsletter is set to expire on April 30, 2023. The City's current agreement is with
     Specialty Mailing at a rate of $1,357 per month, with a cost of $345 per insert (ifrequested).

     On February 22, 2023, the City had a bid opening for Newsletter Printing Services for the next three
     (3) one-year terms. The City received four (4) bids that were available for review.

     The two (2) lowest bidders were Missourian Media with first year monthly charge being $1,204.61 and
     $401.54 for insert and Specialty Mailing first year monthly charge being $1,452.00 and $369.50 for
     insert. The lowest bidder based on monthly rates was Missourian Media; however, Specialty Mailing
     provided a lower rate for inserts. Inserts are only produced when needed/as requested by the City for
     flyers within the newsletter.

     Both Missourian Media and Specialty Mailing will                           need the Board to reduce or waive the                   City's
     insurance requirements, based on the proof of insurance provided (this has been typical with this bid in
     the past); however, both bidders have stated that if selected they will be able to provide the City required
     Performance and Maintenance Bond. All other required documents were provided by both bidders.

     It is noted that the City has utilized Specialty Mailing for years, with no known issues.

     Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if newsletters were emailed in lieu of USPS mail, would there be a
     reduction in monthly rate. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied there have been surveys offering
     newsletters via email however, per residents'                    requests,    there are currently 2,400 newsletters mailed
     USPS. She further shared if there was a change in that request an amendment to the contract could be
     considered.

     Alderman Jokerst expressed need to respect the bottom line, and further noted Missourian Media had
     no municipal references, whereas Specialty Mailing were all municipal references.

     Aldennan       Maserang        inquired     if there    were     any    concerns      or issues     in   Specialty     Mailing's      past
     performance. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied the only issues were with the post office.

                                                                              3
                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                        March 2, 2023

      Alderman Huels shared she feels Specialty Mailing has a good relationship with Staff, they meet and
      understand the deadline, and feels that goes a long way.

      Alderman Cruts entered the meeting via videoconference at 7: 15 p.m.

      Mayor Maurath noted there was no recommendation from Staff.

      Alderman Jokerst voiced she was in favor of Missourian Media as their monthly pricing is lowest.

      Alderman Maserang voiced he was in favor of Specialty Mailing as they have a good                                                long-term
      relationship with the City, and feels the $248 difference in monthly cost is worth it.

      Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the March Board of Aldermen meeting to approve
      Missourian Media bid for Newsletter Printing Services due to fiscal responsibility. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon the roll being called, the Committee voted as follows:

                 Alderman Bereitschaft                   Aye                    Alderman Clauss                   Nay
                 Alderman Maserang                       Nay                    Alderman Harrell                  Aye

      Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion did not pass.

      Mayor Maurath explained that in case of a tie, the chairperson may cast the tie-breaking vote, or the
      topic can be opened to the full Board for a vote.

      Alderman Bereitschaft made a                  motion       to   open the       topic to the         full   Board. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
      unanimously passed by the Committee.

      Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the March Board of Aldermen meeting to approve
      Missourian Media bid for Newsletter Printing Services due to fiscal responsibility. The motion was
     seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon the roll being called, the Committee voted as follows:

                 Alderman Bereitschaft                   Aye                    Alderman Clauss                   Nay
                 Alderman Maserang                       Nay                    Alderman Harrell                  Aye
                 Alderman Wisbrock                       Nay                    Alderman Huels                    Nay
                 Alderman Jokerst                        Aye                    Alderman Cruts                    Abstain

    Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion did not pass.                                 After discussion, Staff stated
    it could bring both bills to the Board meeting.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels)
     There were no items for discussion.

PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
•    Consideration of a request to amend the agreement with Rottier Pest Control Company for Pest
     Management Services.
     In June of 202 I, the City entered into an agreement with Rottier Pest Control Company (herein
     "Rottier") for Pest Management Services as authorized by Ordinance 4144.

     Per Exhibit I of the existing agreement, the City's monthly service fee for all City buildings, including
     the City's concession stands, is $100. As $40 of the monthly service fee was for services at RiverChase,

                                                                                 4
                                                             Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                          March 2, 2023

      and the YMCA is now performing those services in house, Staff requested an amended quote for
      services from Rottier.
      As indicated on page 4 of the quote that was available for review, the new monthly service fee will be
      $68. (Per Rottier, they instituted an overall increase of $8 per month for all contracts in February of
      2023).
      Mayor Maurath inquired if Staff was happy with the service Rottier has provided. City Administrator
      Nikki Finkbiner and Public Works Director Dan Howard replied yes.
      Alderman       Wisbrock       made      a motion       to   forward     to the March Board of Aldermen meeting the
      consideration of a         request to amend the agreement with Rottier Pest Control Company for                                       Pest
      Management Services with new rates. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote
      being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.
INFORMATION SERVICES-Aid. Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Huels, Maserang)
     There were no items for discussion.
MISCELLANEOUS
•    Consideration of a request to surplus an air hockey table from the RiverChase YMCA.
     The YMCA has determined there is no longer a need for the Air Hockey table located inside Riverchase
     YMCA. It is requested at this time to surplus the Air Hockey Table. This will be advertised for sale on
     local classified sites.
     Alderman Jokerst made a final motion to approve surplus air hocket table from RiverChase YMCA.
     The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the
     motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
There was no executive session held.
ADJOURNMENT
At 7:27 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.








                                                                               5
                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                        March 2, 2023
