
                                       CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                          625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                        MINlJTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN MEETING
                                          THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 2023
                                                      7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, March 23, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall
and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance and held a moment of
silence to honor two Herman police officers that were shot in the line ofduty; Detective Sergeant Mason
Griffith died from the shooting and Officer Adam Sullentrup is in critical condition.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
   Alderman Bereitschaft           Present             Alderman Clauss                Present
   Alderman Cruts                  Absent              Alderman Huels                 Present
   Alderman Harrell                Present             Alderman Wisbrock              Present- via Zoom Videoconference
   Alderman Maserang               Present             Alderman Jokerst              Present
Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
City Attorney Erin Seele
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Precinct Captain Kevin Lawson









                                                Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                     March 23, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath offered on behalf of the Fenton Community and the Board of Aldermen, condolences
and prayers for Officer Adam Sullentrup and fallen Detective Sergeant Mason Griffith and their
families.

Mayor Maurath shared an update regarding HB 978 modifying provisions for home-based businesses
is being forwarded to the Rules Committee. Representative Brad Christ stated he is supportive of the
modified bill and the sponsor of the original bill, HB 1662, testified in favor of HB 978 last week in
Jefferson City.

APPROVAL OF MINUTES: Reading of the minutes is waived since copies were given to Board
members in advance of the meeting and made available to the general public.

02 23 2023 Board of Aldermen Meeting - Alderman Clauss made a motion to approve the minutes
of the February 23, 2023, Board of Aldermen Meeting. The motion was seconded by Alderman
Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by
the Board of Aldermen.

03 02 2023 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting - Alderman Harrell made a motion to approve
the minutes of the March 2, 2023, Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded
by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken,                                          it was announced that the                     motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

03 02 2023 Special Board of Aldermen Meeting - Alderman Huels made a motion to approve the
minutes of the March 2, 2023, Special Board of Aldermen Meeting. The motion was seconded by
Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
by the Board of Aldermen.

03 09 2023 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting - Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to
approve the minutes of the March 9, 2023, Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

APPROVAL OF WARRANTS: The                                         term warrant            is used       in   State Statutes and, by definition,
means invoices or bills submitted for payment of goods or services from external sources.

Alderman Clauss made a motion to approve the warrants for the period of 02/01/2023 to 02/28/2023
in the amount of $599,715.59 as submitted. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a
vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
Gary Siebert,           1411     Larkin Williams Road, Fenton MO 63026, spoke in opposition to soccer field
lighting upgrade. Mr. Siebert shared he feels it is a large expense to light just two (2) soccer fields,
rental     rates     would       not offset cost,            and there are field               rental     options       with     other      nearby athletic
organizations.           He feels the expense would be better spent on other projects in the parks that would be
beneficial to city residents.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT -Aid. Harrell, Liaison
❖ Announcements:
      •      Due to the election, the April Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting will take place on
                                             th
             Wednesday, April S                -

                                                                              2
                                                              Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                     March 23, 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                          th
         •        The Planning and Zoning Commission will hold a workshop in advance of the April 5                                                                                                          Meeting
                  at 6:00 p.m. to continue discussion of amendments to the Comprehensive Development Plan.

         •        The Planning and Zoning Commission continued to the next Planning and Zoning Commission
                  Meeting, CASE 2023-SPR-0 I: A Petition by Estes Trucking for Site Plan Review of a proposed
                  building addition at 205 Soccer Park Road. The Property is zoned "CP-1" Commercial Park
                  District.
❖ Public Hearing:
         Alderman Harrell announced both cases were withdrawn by the Petitioners.

         •        CASE 2023-TXT-02: A Petition by Katrina McDonald Fuller to amend Section 420.0 l 0 Land
                  Use Matrix ofthe Zoning Code to allow Medical Office as a use allowed by Special Use Permit
                  in the "HP-1" Hospitality Park District.

         •        CASE 2023-SUP-04: A Petition by Compass Health Network for a Special Use Permit to
                  operate a               Medical              Office           at 964           South           Highway                Drive. The                  property             is    zoned           "HP-1"
                  Hospitality Park District.

         Public hearings closed.

❖ The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         •        Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SP-01: A Petition by Dale Sign Service on behalf
                  of America's Best Contacts and Eyeglasses for a Sign Plan at 180 Gravois Bluffs Circle, Suite
                  A. The property is zoned "C-1" Commercial District.

                  Alderman Harrell made a motion to approve CASE 2023-SP-0l, with conditions. The motion
                  was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
                  passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

         •        Recommendation not to amend the Zoning Code to allow Comprehensive Marijuana
                  Dispensary Facilities as a Use allowed by Special Use Permit in additional districts in the
                  City (CASE 2023-TXT-03).

               Alderman                  Harrell           made           a    motion             to     approve              not       to     amend             the      Zoning             Code to               allow
               Comprehensive Marijuana Dispensary Facilities as a Use allowed by Special Use Permit in
               additional districts in the City (CASE 2023-TXT-03). The motion was seconded by Alderman
               Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed unanimously by
               the Board of Aldermen.

❖ Other items from the Community Development Department:
         •        Ord.          amending                   the       Municipal                   Code           by       amending                  Section              500.150,              Miscellaneous
                 Property Regulations, to include regulations for temporary operational facilities.

                  Alderman Harrell announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

PARKS AND RECREATION-Aid. Huels, Liaison
❖ Announcements:
        •        The following items were continued to allow staff needed time to provide additional
                  information:
                  •       Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve.

                                                                                                          3
                                                                                    Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                                                              March 23, 2023

            •    Discussion regarding use of the fonner greenhouse area in Fabick Nature Preserve.
           •     Discussion regarding the use of the fonner house foundation area in the Fabick Nature
                 Preserve.

      •    The     Parks      and    Recreation         Committee         discussed       grant     opportunities         through      the
           Missouri State Parks and Municipal Grant Commission.
      •    The annual Parks and Recreation Committee Training will not be held until after the
           appointment of Committee Members to vacant seats.

❖ The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
      •    Approval for the Public Works Director to purchase twenty (20) coated metal tables for
           the parks at a budget of $25,000 and waive the formal bidding procedures.

           Alderman Huels made a motion to approve the Public Works Director to purchase twenty (20)
           coated     metal tables for the parks at a               budget of $25,000 and              waive the formal          bidding
           procedures. The motion was seconded by Aldennan Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was
           announced that the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

❖ Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
     There were other items for discussion.

MAYOR'S REPORT
❖ Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute an agreement with Musco Sports Lighting, LLC for
     Fenton City Park soccer field lighting.
     Mayor Maurath announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

❖ Mayor's appointment to the Parks and Recreation Committee, Ward 1, term ending January
     2025.
     There was no appointment made.

❖ Mayor's appointment to the Parks and Recreation Committee, Ward 3, term ending January
     2025.
     There was no appointment made.

CITY CLERK'S REPORT
     There were no items for discussion.

REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES

❖ POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid. Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
     •     Monthly Report - Capt. Lawson
           o    Responded to 632 calls for service vs. 707 in January 2023 and 717 in February 2022.
           o    Handled 941         self-initiated assignments vs. 1,138 in January 2023 and 1,402 in February
                2022.
           o    23 arrests (includes SIL's) vs. 21             in January 2023 and 14 in February 2022.
           o    Responded and handled 711 radio/on-view assignments in the retail business area vs. 828
                in January 2023 and 625 in February 2022.
           o    Those calls resulted in 14 arrests vs. 9 in January 2023and 11 in February 2022.


                                                                  4
                                                     Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                           March 23, 2023

           o    Issued I 75 traffic citations, 59 warning citations and I DWI vs. 132/79/0 in January 2023
                and 69/29/0 in February 2022.
           o    Radar trailer with Flock camera was deployed on Headland Drive, Uthoff Drive and Hitzert
                Court and stealth radar was not deployed.
           o    Handled:
                •    4 Part l crimes against persons vs. I in January 2023 and O in February 2022.
                •    40 Part I crimes against property vs. 21 in January 2023 and 26 in February 2022.
                •    2 Part I crimes against society vs. 3 in January 2023 and 3 in February 2022.

          Alderman Clauss inquired if open garage door notices were mailed, or hand delivered. Captain
          Lawson replied he believes they are sent via USPS mail.

     •    City of Fenton Court Statistics for February 2023.
          Alderman        Clauss asked        if there    were    any    questions     or comments on disbursements                  of
          $1,000.00 Rejis and $9,980.50 for Show-Me-Court. There were no comments or questions.

❖ PERSONNEL -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Cruts, Huels, Jokers!)
     •    Monthly Report
          o     The City is currently advertising for the following positions:
                Public Works Department
                ■    Maintenance Worker I
                ■    Assistant Building and Grounds Technician
                Parks and Recreation Department
                ■    Recreation Associate II / Park Concession Stand Attendant
                ■    Recreation Associate III / Field Manager
                ■    Recreation Associate III / Adult Sports Official
                ■    Recreation Associate IV / Park Concession Stand Manager
                ■    Recreation Associate IV / Athletic Field Grounds Maintenance Worker
                ■    Recreation Associate V / Softball Umpire
                ■    Recreation Associate V / Volleyball Official

          o     Just to update the Board on City employment recruiter, Kforce has shared feedback, stating
                they are experiencing a lack of candidates on the market for the positions the City has open.
                They have had two (2) no shows, three (3) that did not meet requirements, and two (2)
                applications were forwarded for consideration. Those applications are being reviewed.

❖ COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS - Aid Bereitschaft,                                                      Chairman (Harrell,
     Clauss, Maserang)
     •    Monthly Report
          o     During the month of February 2023, the following businesses received an Occupancy
                Permit in the City of Fenton:
                ■    AF Machine Works, 1762 Chase Drive, machine shop for plastic injection molding
                ■    Air Specialists Worldwide, 1675 Larkin Williams Road, pneumatic, hydraulic,                                      &
                     electrical automation product distributor
                ■    BT Minerals, LLC, 1675 Larkin Williams Road, sales office/or clay products
                ■    Carr Textiles, 240 Larkin Williams Industrial Court, headquarters for textile company

                                                                 5
                                                   Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                         March 23, 2023

                 •     City Seafood, 1722 Chase Drive, wholesale seafood distributor
                 •     Club Car Wash, 1912 Bowles Avenue, automotive washingfacility
                 •     Crescent Electric Supply, 92 Soccer Park Road, electrical wholesale distributor
                 •     First Stop Chiropractic, 558 Gravois Road, Suite 201, chiropractic office
                 •     Gotchurback/CSMI a dba of Aha Medical, 206 Fabricator Drive surgical device
                       sales and distribution
                 •     Harrison Flooring Outlet, 400 Gravois Road, commercial and residential flooring
                       retailer
                 •     Kind Goods 180 Gravois Bluffs Circle, Suite B, comprehensive marijuana dispensary
                 •     Little Patriots Embraced, 1720 West Park Center Drive, Suite A, non-profit office
                       providing assistance to military families
                 •     SoccerMaster, 1546 Fencorp Drive, production facility for sports apparel - existing
                       Fenton business expansion
                 •     True        North        Management              Services,         LLC,        2081       Corporate         44      Drive,
                       telecommunications service company

     •     Ord. approving a one-year agreement, with a City option to renew for two (2) additional
           one-year terms, between the City of Fenton, Missouri, and Specialty Mailing Inc. to
           provide printing services for the City's monthly newsletter.

           Alderman Bereitschaft announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

❖ CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid. Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels)
     •     Monthly Report
           o     All closeout documents have been submitted to MoDOT for the Horan Project. Once
                 approved, final payment will be made to the contractor. The overall construction cost came
                 in at $23,644.34 below the contracted amount.
           o     Spencer Contracting is              planning to complete the paving operation on the Allen Road
                 Project at the end of March or early April, weather dependent.
           o     The Rudder Road Reconstruction Project is planned to start early May.
           o     RV. Wagner has started the 2023 Concrete Slab Replacement Program. Currently, work
                 is being performed on Villa Gran Way in the San Simeon Subdivision.
           o     The following projects are currently in design phase:
                 •     Larkin Williams Road                Project (concrete portion) - The needed                         right-of-way and
                       temporary construction easements have been obtained. Once right-of-way is cleared
                       by MoDOT, the final plans package will be completed and submitted to MoDOT for
                       approval.
                 •     S. Old Highway 141 Project (mill and overlay) - Construction design is under way.

❖ PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
     •     Monthly Update
           o     Public Works will be performing stump grinding operation within the parks and residential
                 areas where trees were removed this past year.
           o     Pothole repair is ongoing as needed.

     •     Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a                              new agreement with Rottier Pest Control
           Company DBA Rottier Pest and Lawn Solutions for pest control services.

                                                                      6
                                                        Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                              March 23, 2023

           Alderman Wisbrock announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

❖ INFORMATION SERVICES -Aid Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Huels, Maserang)
     •     Monthly Update
           o     Per ENT, below are notes on the open service tickets and ongoing projects and sales:
                 •    Open Service Tickets:
                      •     289509 - RiverChase Camera - RiverChase camera at the pool area is receiving
                            power and is connected to the internet but image is not available online. We are
                            troubleshooting this issue and think it may come down to a network configuration
                            at the YMCA side.
                      •     Service Ticket #291334 - Phone system has dialed 911 at least four (4) times since
                            October 2022 - Lauren Rabbitt submitted the ticket, ENT is reviewing phone logs
                            with Lauren to determine ifcalls were intentional. She has added a few other phone
                            system changes about extensions that need changed.
                 •    Projects:
                      •     Two (2) cable runs for card readers for courts and community development. This
                            is in process of scheduling.
                 •    Sales:
                      •     There is one (1) open quote for an All-in-one monitor for City Hall.

           o    Service Ticket List for February 2023 was available for review.

❖ FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokers!}
     •     Monthly Financial Updates for January 2023 (draft).
           INVESTMENTS
           The total value of City's cash and investments (General Fund, Storm Water/Parks Fund, and
           Capital Projects Fund) was $21,039,956 at 01/31/23.

           The Storm        Water/Parks        Fund cash and          investments was          $7,960,887 at 01/31/23.             Of this
           amount, $1,796,885            is restricted for       Storm Water/Parks and              the remaining $6,164,002               is
           committed for emergencies or assigned for Storm Water/Parks.

           OPERATIONS
          The January financial report, which was presented in full at the previous Finance Committee
           meeting, reported the results of operations through January 31, 2023.
           o    General      Fund     operating revenues as             of O1/31/23       were     approximately        $35,854      while
                operating expenditures were approximately $360,196. Revenues are at approximately .55%
                of the annual budget of $6,461,100, and expenditures are at approximately 4. 7% of the
                annual budget of $7,665,723.

           o    Storm Water/Parks Fund revenues as of O1/31/2023 were approximately $11,202 while
                expenditures were approximately $657,433. Revenues are at approximately .24% of the
                annual budget of $4,620,500, and expenditures are at approximately 12.59% of the annual
                budget of $5,222,695.

          SALES TAX REDISTRIBUTIONS
          The amount of sales tax redistributed back to St. Louis County for January 2023:


                                                                   7
                                                     Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                           March 23, 2023

                   "A" SALES TAX                                                   "B" (POOL) SALES TAX                                                     COMBINED SALES TAX
                         SUMMARY                                                                  SUMMARY                                                                  SUMMARY
        Generated I                    Redistributed                           Generated I                     Redistributed                            Generated                 I      Redistributed
       $555,227                  I $10,128(1.8%)                               $322,699                  I $264,483(82.0%)                             $877,926                   I $274,612(31.3%)

         •        Approval not to go out for bid for banking services at this time, but revisit every year, as
                                                                         111
                  discussed at the March 9                                   Committee Meeting.

                 Aldennan Huels made a motion to not go out for bid for banking services at this time, but
                                                                                                                 1h
                  revisit every year, as discussed at the March 9                                                    Committee Meeting. The motion was seconded
                  by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion passed
                 unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

❖ HEALTH/SAFETY -Aid. Jokers!, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
         •       Monthly Update
                 o        Gateway Tree Service continues to remove dead, diseased trees within City parks and
                          properties and public right-of-way.
                 o        All restrooms in the parks will be open by the end of March.

         •       Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a first amendment to the agreement with Waste
                 Connections of Missouri, Inc.

                 Aldennan Jokerst announced this will be considered under the new bill section.

CONSIDERATION OF PENDING BILLS
There were no pending bills.

CONSIDERATION OF NEW BILLS:
Bill~ Ord. amending the Municipal Code by amending Section 500.150, Miscellaneous
                          Property Regulations, to include regulations for temporary operational facilities.
                          Sponsor: Harrell

Aldennan Harrell desired first reading of Bill No. 23-16. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Aldennan Harrell made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Aldennan Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-16 for a
second time by title only.

Aldennan Harrell made a motion that Bill No. 23-16 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4306. The motion
was seconded by Aldennan Huels.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldennen voted as follows:

                 Alderman Bereitschaft                                       Aye                                Alderman Clauss                                    Aye
                 Alderman Cruts                                              Absent                             Alderman Huels                                     Aye
                 Alderman Wisbrock                                           Aye                                Alderman Maserang                                   Aye
                 Alderman Harrell                                            Aye                                Aldennan Jokerst                                   Aye


                                                                                                      8
                                                                                 Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                                                           March 23, 2023

It was announced that Bill No.                    23-16 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4306 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill 2.J.:Jl      Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute an agreement with Musco Sports Lighting,
                  LLC for Fenton City Park soccer field lighting.
                  Sponsor: Huels

Alderman Huels desired first reading of Bill No. 23-17. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one time
by title only.

Alderman Huels did not request a second reading.

Alderman Jokerst voiced she thought Parks and Recreation Commission just had discussions on grants
for field lighting that could be applied for to help offset cost and she feels Board should consider
applying for that grant before moving forward with this project. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
expressed she would need to review as she did not recall that discussion.

Alderman Maserang expressed his confusion as the project has been discussed, approved in the budget,
the cost is under budget, and feels it is a great opportunity to keep kids active. He shared he feels the
lights are long overdue and the price will only increase as time goes on. He inquired on the cost of
upgrading the softball field lighting. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied $565,000. Alderman
Maserang expressed the cost is in investment for the community not for economic gain. He stated he
feels the light project should move forward now and should be done before any renovation upgrade
considerations to the field surfaces.

Alderman         Bereitschaft suggested              the   light    project     should      be   completed        first    and    also consider
renovation upgrades to the field surfaces.

Alderman Clauss expressed she feels a review of field rental cost for both lit and unlit fields should be
completed        and    compared        to   surrounding        organization's         rental    rates.    Public     Works       Director      Dan
Howard replied study was completed last year, reflecting Fenton rates are in the mid-range, but a study
could be completed again if desired.

Mayor Maurath shared after discussion with Public Works Director Dan Howard, field renovations
would run parallel with the electric upgrade.

Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to override the sponsor for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Maserang.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                     Nay                     Alderman Clauss                     Nay
            Alderman Cruts                            Absent                  Alderman Huels                      Nay
            Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                     Alderman Maserang                   Aye
            Alderman Harrell                          Nay                     Alderman Jokerst                    Nay

It was announced that the motion did not pass.

Bill 2J.:.l..a    Ord. approving a one-year agreement, with a City option to renew for two additional
                  one-year terms, between the City of Fenton, Missouri and Specialty Mailing Inc. to
                  provide printing services for the City's monthly newsletter.

                                                                       9
                                                         Board of Aldermen Meeting
                                                               March 23, 2023

                  Sponsor: Bereitschaft

Alderman Bereitschaft desired first reading of Bill No. 23-18. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill
one time by title only.

Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-18 for a
second time by title only.

Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion that Bill No. 23-18 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4307. The
motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                     Aye                     Alderman Clauss                     Aye
            Alderman Cruts                            Absent                  Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                     Alderman Maserang                   Aye
            Alderman Harrell                          Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-18 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4307 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill ll.:.12.     Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a new agreement with Rottier Pest Control
                  Company DBA Rottier Pest and Lawn Solutions for pest control services.
                  Sponsor: Wisbrock

Alderman Wisbrock desired first reading of Bill No. 23-19. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board ofAldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-19 for a second time
by title only.

Alderman Wisbrock made a motion that Bill No. 23-19 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4308. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Maserang.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                     Aye                     Alderman Clauss                     Aye
            Alderman Cruts                            Absent                  Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                     Alderman Maserang                   Aye
            Alderman Harrell                          Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                    Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-19 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4308 when and if signed by the Mayor.

Bill~ Ord. authorizing the Mayor to execute a first amendment to the agreement with
                  Waste Connections of Missouri, Inc.
                  Sponsor: Jokerst

                                                                       10
                                                         Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                               March 23, 2023

Alderman Jokerst desired first reading of Bill No. 23-20. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
time by title only.

Alderman Jokerst made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-20 for a
second time by title only.

Alderman Jokerst made a motion that Bill No. 23-20 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4309. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Huels.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                      Aye                      Alderman Clauss                      Aye
            Alderman Cruts                             Absent                   Alderman Huels                       Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                          Aye                      Alderman Maserang                    Aye
            Alderman Harrell                           Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                     Aye

It was announced that Bill No. 23-20 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become
Ordinance No. 4309 when and if signed by the Mayor.

EXECUTIVE SESSION
At 7:56 p.m. Alderman Clauss made a motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section
610.021       (I) Legal       actions,      causes of action            or   litigation,     and     (3) hiring,       firing,    disciplining,        or
promoting employees. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                      Aye                      Alderman Clauss                      Aye
            Alderman Cruts                             Absent                   Alderman Huels                       Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                          Aye                      Alderman Maserang                    Aye
            Alderman Harrell                           Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                     Aye

It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen.

ADJOURNMENT
At 8:53 p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting at which time, with no other business before the
Board, Alderman Jokerst made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang.
Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of
Aldermen.




City of Fenton


                                                                        II
                                                          Board of Aldennen Meeting
                                                                 March 23, 2023
