
                                          CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                         625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
          MINUTES OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN
                                          THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2023
                                                         7:00 P.M.

CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Joe Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County, Missouri to
order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, March 30, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and via Zoom
Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Bungler called the roll:

     Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Absent                 Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
     Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present                    Alderman Ralph Cruts - Absent
     Alderman Robin Huels - Present                       Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
     Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                       Alderman Susan Jokerst - Absent

Five Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.

CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
City Clerk Jane Bungler
St. Louis County Police Precinct Captain Kevin Lawson

Mayor Maurath stated that he called this Special Meeting for:

Discussion regarding Proposition U, which will be on the April 4, 2023, General Election Ballot.                         This
discussion will provide facts regarding Proposition U and will allow public comments and questions
regarding the same.

Stuart Haynes - Missouri        Municipal League, Director of Administration &              Policy was in attendance via
videoconference. Mr. Haynes shared a presentation on Prop U that is attached as part ofthe minutes.

Mayor Maurath noted that the City of Fenton does not impose property taxes.

Mr. Haynes shared and according to the U.S. Census reporting approximately                      I 5% of all retail sales are
purchased through E-Commerce in the United States.

Mr. Haynes explained the Local Use Tax is based on purchases from out-of-state vendors (many of which
come from internet sales) and further explained differences between sales tax and use tax: Sales tax is imposed
on the sale/transaction sold at retail; the sales tax rate is determined by the location of where the sale/transaction
takes place. Use tax applies to purchase made through remote sales from Out-Of-State retailers. Use tax does
not apply if purchase is made through remote sales from Missouri retailer but they are subject to sales tax.
Purchaser will never pay both taxes.

Examples provided:
•   Buy in person a good from brick-and-mortar store in Fenton - State (4.225 sales tax); St.                   Louis county
    sales tax (3.513 sales tax) & Fenton ( 5 sales).


                                                Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                       March 30, 2023

•     Buy good.from chewy.com (Belton, Mo) - 9.6 - State (4.225 Sales tax); Cass County (1.6250 sales tax);
      Belton (3.25 sales tax); CID (.5).
•     Buy same good online from out-of-state vendor have delivered in Fenton - State (4.225 use tax) - County
      (currently zero) - Fenton (currently zero).
Alderman Maserang asked for clarification as the Department of Revenue website page
Dan Hagan, 1022 Villa Gran Way, Fenton MO 63026 shared he is in support of Prop U. If sales tax revenue
would continue to decline, the City may                     have to consider discontinuing City paid services such as trash
collection, leaf pick up and he would rather pay the use tax than have to pay for services the City currently
provides at no charge to the residents.
Mayor Maurath encouraged the Board to educate residents on the Prop U ballot proposal.
ADJOURNMENT
At 7:33 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.
Respectfully submitted,

City of Fenton








                                                                           2
                                                         Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                                  March 30, 2023
