
                                                                               CITY OF FENTON
                                           625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                          MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                                                    THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2023
                                                                                        7:00 P.M.

CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County, Missouri to
order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, April 13, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and via Zoom
Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:

Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                                                          Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present                                                   Alderman Robin Huels - Present
Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present                                                       Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                                                          Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present

Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.

CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard
St. Louis County Police Precinct Sergeant Begley
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop - via Zoom Videoconference

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath recognized                             Deb Abbott, member of Planning and Zoning Commission, Mike Abbott,
member of Parks and Recreation Committee, and Gary Siebert, member of the Board of Adjustment were in
attendance of the meeting.

Mayor Maurath congratulated all newly elected officials and noted there will be no change in members of
the Board.

Mayor Maurath thanked the residents for voting and passing Proposition U.                                                                      Missouri Municipal League
(MML) believes the passage shows the voters trust in the City.

He further noted Missouri State Legislators are currently considering bills to eliminate sales tax on food,
which is reported to be about 20% to 25% of our sales tax revenues.                                                              City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner
shared the Missouri Municipal League (MML) report released earlier in the day suggested the bill is still
pending. We are watching this closely as this may have a large impact on the City's revenue if passed and
encouraged all to contact legislators.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
There were no public comments.

                                                                                                I
                                                                       Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                       April 13, 2023

FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokerst)
•    February 28, 2023, Monthly Financial Report (Draft).
     Alderman Cruts summarized the draft monthly financial report.

•    2022 Amended Budget.
     A summary of the proposed budget amendments, with details by fund to close out fiscal year 2022 were
     available for review. Alderman Cruts summarized the amendments. There were no further comments or
     questions.

     Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting the 2022 amended
     budget. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed
     unanimously by the Committee.

•    Consideration of a Supplemental Cooperation Agreement with St. Louis County, Missouri for the
     allocation of Community Block Grant Funds for the year 2022.
     A copy of the Municipal Housing and Community Development Supplemental Cooperation Agreement
     for the 2022 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) which needs to be considered for approval
     by the Board was available for review. Execution of the agreement is required to receive the requested
     funds.

     Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting the consideration of
     a   Supplemental         Cooperation        Agreement         with    St.   Louis     County,      Missouri       for   the   allocation      of
     Community Block Grant Funds for the year 2022. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon
     a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

•    Request to continue utilizing Amazon Business Prime.
     In February of 2020, the Board approved a request by Staff to create an Amazon Business account for
     the City under a Government Account, which limits the number of users on the account (who can use
     the account), controls what can be purchased, provides a cost savings on co-op purchases, and allows
     the City to make tax-exempt purchases under the Amazon Tax Exempt Program (ATEP).

     On May 27, 2021, the Board approved the City upgrading the account to a Prime membership for $179
     per year but requested that this matter be brought back in a year to decipher if the annual fee is cost
     effective. On April 28, 2022, the Board approved renewing the Prime account at $179 per year.

     It is noted that Amazon Business is frequently used by Staff to purchase supplies online, and the Prime
     membership provides an efficient way to make purchases with our tax-exempt status and allows the
     account administrators and the Finance Department to track purchases and invoices. Additionally, the
     online ordering does            not require       Staff leaving the offices             to   make the       purchases       and   the   Prime
     membership does not require a minimum purchase and typically has one (1) and two (2) day deliveries.

     Based on the above, Staff is requesting that the Board consider allowing the City to renew the Prime
     membership for the annual cost of $179, and further requests that Staff be able to continue to renew
     annually without Board approval, unless the membership cost increases.

     Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting request to renew the
     Prime membership for the annual cost of $179, and Staff be able to continue to renew annually without
     Board      approval,      unless    the   membership          cost   increases.      The    motion      was    seconded       by   Alderman
     Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

     Mayor Maurath noted he prefers to try to buy local as much as possible.


                                                                          2
                                                      Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                   April 13, 2023

•    Presentation and request by Infinity Hospitality, LLC for a CID, TDD, and Tax Abatement for
     the redevelopment of a property located at 800 S. Highway Drive.
     A redevelopment proposal was available for review and attached as part of the minutes.

     Vinod      Patel,   800    South Highway Drive,               Fenton MO 63026, Infinity                  Hospitality,      LLC shared the
     property has been vacant for approximately four to five ( 4-5) years and noted there are a lot of issues
     with the property. They have had a couple potential buyers but were not able to make the sale work
     because of zoning. They would be hands on and are proposing an upgrade with dual brand name hotel
     by Marriott with upscaled restaurant, sport/social venue, and possible freestanding retail strip center
     with end cap. The project would cost $40-50 million dollars. He expressed the project would generate
     taxes and revenue for the City and County. He shared the only way to make it work is with help from
     the City and County through CID, TDD, and tax abatement incentives estimated at $4-5 million dollars
     and create 150-250 jobs.

     Mayor Maurath asked for clarification on why the difference in the proposal between the estimated
     development cost totaling $44.8 million dollars while the summary cost totals were $38.8 million.
     Vinod replied possible glitch in numbers.

     Alderman Jokerst inquired on proposal tearing down only part of the structure, she believes the entire
     structure is not safe. Vinod replied due to 20' easement to make the project work with conception cost
     and increase in interest rate.

     Hema! Patel explained difference in development cost vs summary cost is construction cost built in
     outside the soft costs engineering.

     Mayor Maurath inquired if the $44.8 million dollar project is asking City to participate in the $3.5
     million dollar acquisition cost also. Hema! replied no, acquisition cost is listed for owner invested
     equity. Mayor Maurath inquired if they were aware that the                                previous owner of this property has a
     lawsuit pending with the City Administrator and according to those records the sale price was                                               $2.5
     million not $3 .5 million dollars. Vinod stated they had to buy out their partner and now they are the sole
     owner of the property. Mayor Maurath inquired if they are asking the citizens of Fenton to subsidize
     their buyout. Vinod responded no; this is the construction cost. Mayor Maurath expressed he feels the
     costs do not make sense and there are too many deficiencies in the proposal. Hema) stated they can
     revise the proposal to show the appropriate numbers.

     Alderman Bereitschaft expressed confusion on project proposal and whether it is a partial tear down or
     a complete tear down. Hema! shared they would try to utilize the main building structure in front with
    only part of it being tom down and the back to buildings would be partially tom down as well to utilize
     the building foundation.

     Alderman Clauss stated she did not want to lead them on for consideration of the request as she does
     not have much interest in the project and feels they are asking City to subsidize the project when there
    are other businesses in the City that have not received incentives from the City. Alderman Cruts echoed
     Alderman Clauss' comment and stated if the project would move forward, he feels the whole structure
     needs to be torn down and if not assurance would be needed for safety concerns. Vinod shared they did
     not want to use old building but with easement running through the middle of current building, a new
     building cannot be built on the easement. Mayor Maurath asked if they were aware of the easement and
    that may have been a factor of the sale price. Vinod replied yes and further shared that before Covid the
    other partner wanted a different hotel brand, but they were not interested in that.

    Mayor Maurath reiterated he feels                    if the City gives out the tax incentive there is                      no   benefit to the
    citizens of Fenton. Vinod stated they are not asking the City to fund the whole project cost of $44.8
    million dollars, only a portion approximately $4 million dollars. Hema) stated the ask is not to take

                                                                          3
                                                      Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                   April 13, 2023

      away from what the City is currently receiving but rather to subsidize part of the increase the City will
      receive when the project is completed.

      Alderman Jokerst expressed she feels they were aware of easement when purchased and asked what
      incentive they are requesting from City. Vinod stated TDD would be through County and Court, CID
      for   1% tax on room rate and up to $5                    on special easement assistance and tax abatement would be
      Fenton. Hemal stated it is hard to compete with properties across the highway that have a TIF, he feels
      their TIF      throws     the   property tax and           does    increase other development.                The    development of the
      property      would     increase      the   tax.   Mayor      Maurath       stated    the    City    turned     down     the    TIF   for   that
      development when requested.

      Alderman Huels echoed Board comments and she feels it would set a precedence and has not been
      offered to any other business in Fenton. She further expressed she believes they were aware of the
      easement when purchased and that it not the responsibility of the residents to fund the project.

      Hemal stated he anticipates the property tax would increase by $100,000 ($50,000 now and increase to
      $150,000) if improved and would only ask for a temporary abatement. Mayor Maurath stated the City
      does not have a property tax. Hema) stated needed to present to City before presenting a request to the
      County.

     Alderman Jokerst inquired why previous developments presentations were not followed through. Hema!
      stated the building and property has many challenges, the hotel brands they deal with were not willing
     to come here for a two (2) story building, hospitality industry declined due to Covid, and denial of
     zoning changes.

     Mayor Maurath stated City has laws and Codes in place to address the current condition of property, the
     City is requesting the property to be cleaned up and brought up to Code and further shared the City has
     not offered incentives to any prior requests.

     Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting the denial of
     request by Infinity Hospitality, LLC for a CID, TDD, and Tax Abatement for the redevelopment of a
     property located at 800 S. Highway Drive. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote
     being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

     Hemal inquired if he could present to St. Louis County. Mayor Maurath stated City has no control over
     St. Louis County. City Attorney Erin Seele shared typically County requires letter of approval from the
     City, however that request was not on this agenda for consideration.

•    Request for the Mayor to execute and understanding of services letter in conjunction with the City's
     Auditing Services.
     On October 28, 2021, via Ordinance 4173, the City of Fenton approved an agreement with Botz, Deal
     & Company P.C. for auditing services for the fiscal years 2021, 2022, and 2023. A letter regarding the
     understanding of services for the fiscal year 2022 from Botz, Deal & Company, P.C. that needs to be
     executed      by   the City      in conjunction with           the City's Auditing          Service Agreement was                available for
     review. At this time, it is requested that the Board approve the Mayor executing the understanding of
     services letter.

     After discussion, Alderman Cruts made a motion to open the topic to the full Board. The motion was
     seconded       by   Alderman        Huels.     Upon a       vote    being taken,        the   motion      passed     unanimously         by the
     Committee.

     Alderman Cruts made a final motion to approve the request for the Mayor to execute and understanding
     of services letter in conjunction with the City's Auditing Services. The motion was seconded by Alderman
     Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

                                                                           4
                                                       Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                    April 13, 2023

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT -Aid Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•       Announcements for the Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting:
                                               th
         •       The         April          5        Planning              and        Zoning             Commission                     Workshop                  to     discuss            amendments                    to      the
                                                                                                                                                                                       nd
                 Comprehensive Development Plan was cancelled and rescheduled for May 2                                                                                                     at 6:00 p.m.

•       The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         ■       Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-07: A Petition by Estes Trucking for a Special
                 Use Permit to operate a Truck Terminal at 205 Soccer Park Road. The property is zoned "CP-1"
                 Commercial Park District.

                 Conditions of Approval:
                  1.      Approval of the Special Use Permit is for Estes Trucking to operate a Truck Terminal at 205
                          Soccer Park Road, as indicated on the plans provided with the application and dated March 3,
                          2023.
                 2.       Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

                 Doug Tieman 3000 Little Hill Expressway, St. Charles MO with CEC Engineering was present to
                 answer any questions. There were no questions.

        •        Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SPR-01: A Petition by Estes Trucking for Site Plan
                 Review of a proposed building addition at 205 Soccer Park Road. The property is zoned "CP-1"
                 Commercial Park District.

                 Conditions of Approval:
                 1.       This approval is strictly for the building addition and associated site improvements for Estes
                          Trucking at 205 Soccer Park Road, as indicated on plans dated March 3, 2023.
                 2.       The Off-Street Parking Area shall be brought into compliance with the 30-foot front Buffer
                          Areas required in the "CP-1" District, or the Petitioner will need to obtain a variance from
                          Section 415 .080(£)(2) of the Code to expand the existing non-conforming parking area before
                          the Site Plan will be approved by the Director in conjunction with a Building Permit.
                 3.       A Separate Special Use Permit will be required for the use of the property as a Truck Terminal.
                 4.       In addition to a Building Permit, a Major Land Disturbance Permit will be required before any
                          construction will be permitted.
                 5.       Any         proposed              stormwater control                           for the site will require                                 review and approval                              by MSD.
                          Review and approval by the Fenton Fire Protection District (FFPD) will also be required.
                 6.       Any needed changes based on MSD or FFPD review may be administratively reviewed and
                          approved by the Community Development Director.
                 7.       Compliance with all other applicable City of Fenton Codes and Ordinances.

                 Alderman Wisbrock inquired if there was discussion regarding storm water runoff.

                 Doug Tieman 3000 Little Hill Expressway, St. Charles MO with CEC Engineering shared the
                 addition             is    to      the       north         of existing                 building,              the      undeveloped                    area        will        be      paved           with        an
                 underground                    detention              to     handle           the       storm          water          and        has       to     be      reviewed               and       approved               by
                 Metropolitan Sewer District (MSD) before a building permit can be issued.

        •        Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-05: A Petition by Royal Bank of Missouri for a
                 Special Use Permit for a Freestanding A TM Facility at 18 Fenton Plaza. The parcel is addressed as
                  14 Fenton Plaza and is Zoned "OT-2" Olde Towne District.

                 Conditions of Approval:
                 1.       This Special Use Permit is solely for Royal Banks of Missouri to locate a freestanding ATM
                         with a drive-through at 18 Fenton Plaza, as indicated on plans dated February 24, 2023.
                 2.       Directional signage to be reviewed and approved by the Community Development Director.
                 3.       Municipal Zoning Approval and a Building Permit through St. Louis County is required.

                                                                                                                   5
                                                                                     Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                         April 13, 2023

           4.    Compliance with all other applicable City of Fenton Codes and Ordinances.

      •    Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-06: A Petition by Ahmad Shawar of Stars Liquor
           and Tobacco for a Special Use Permit to operate a Liquor Store at 645 Gravois Road. The property
           is zoned "OT-2" Olde Towne District.

           Conditions of Approval:
            I.   Approval of the Special Use Permit is for Stars Liquor and Tobacco to operate a Liquor Store at
                 645 Gravois Road, as indicated on the plans provided with the application and dated March I,
                 2023.
           2.    Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

           The Petitioner, Michael Stevenson, was present to answer any questions. There were no questions.

     •     Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-08: A Petition by Fenton Fire Protection District
           for a Special Use Permit to operate an Emergency Services Facility at 845                                     Gregory Lane. The
           property is zoned "PG" Public and Governmental District.

           Conditions of Approval:
           I.    Approval of the Special Use Permit is for Fenton Fire Protection District operate an Emergency
                 Services Facility at 845 Gregory Lane as indicated on plans provided with the application and
                 dated March 6, 2023.
           2.    Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

     •     Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SPR-02: A Petition by Fenton Fire Protection District
           for Site Plan Review of a building addition at 845                         Gregory Lane. The property is zoned "PG"
           Public and Governmental District.

           Conditions of Approval:
           1.    This approval is strictly for the proposed building addition for Fenton Fire Protection District at
                 845 Gregory Lane, as indicated on plans dated March 6, 2023.
           2.   The site plan shall be amended to indicate the required I 0-foot width for the Accessible parking
                 spaces.
           3.   A Separate Special Use Permit will be required for the use of the property as an Emergency
                 Services Facility.
           4.    In addition to a Building Permit, a Land Disturbance Permit will be required for the Off-Street
                 Parking Area expansion.
           5.   Any proposed stormwater control for the site will require review and approval by MSD. Any
                 needed changes based on MSD review may be administratively reviewed and approved by the
                Community Development Director.
           6. Compliance with all other applicable City of Fenton Codes and Ordinances.

                Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if storm shelter would be utilized by Fenton Fire Protection
                 District (FFD) only. Mayor Maurath responded shelter is required by Code and will be utilized
                by FFD only.

•    Other items from the Planning and Zoning Department:
     There were items for discussion.

PARKS AND RECREATION COMMITTEE-Aid. Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•    Announcement from the Parks and Recreation Committee meeting:
     •     Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve was continued to allow staff to obtain
           additional information.
     •     The Parks and Recreation Committee discussed "Native Plantings - No Mow" signage.


                                                                         6
                                                      Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                   April 13, 2023

•        The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
         •        Approval for staff to investigate grants for a Master Plan for the Bud Weil Annex.

         •        Approval for staff to review grants for the "Eco-Experience Concept" pathways in Fabick
                  Nature Preserve, as drafted in the 2018 Master Plan

•        Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
                  There were no items for discussion.

HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid. Jokers!, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
•        Request to have the annual flu shot clinic at RiverChase YMCA.
         Per St. Luke's Workforce Health, the Annual Flu Shot Clinic for City employees can be scheduled for
         Tuesday, October 10 at RiverChase YMCA from 9:00 a.m.                                                                                        to    11 :00 a.m.                Rob BeSore of St.                           Luke's
         Workforce Health has been instrumental once again in scheduling this event with the City. This year
         City will also be coordinating this event with RiverChase YMCA to be held in their MPl room.

         It is noted that this event is also open to the public; however, the appointments are set for the employees
         first and then advertised to the public (i.e., City website, etc.). Those that want to participate must bring
         a copy of their insurance card. Those who do not have insurance may receive a shot at their own cost
         ($28). Medicare is also accepted with Medicare card and driver's license. There will be no cost to the
         City for this event.

         After discussion, Alderman Jokerst made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting
         the request to have the annual flu shot clinic at RiverChase YMCA. The motion was seconded by
         Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

MISCELLANEOUS
•        Consideration of a request by St. Paul Catholic Church for a Temporary Liquor License.
         St. Paul Catholic Church is requesting a temporary liquor license for a picnic to be held at the church
                                                                                                                                                  th                                                                                            th
         grounds located at 15 Forest Knoll Drive on Friday, May 26                                                                                   from 5 - 10 p.m. and Saturday, May 27
         from l O a.m. - 10 p.m. The applicant has submitted all needed documents to process the liquor license
         and meets the qualifications of Section 600.055.

         Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting the request by St.
         Paul         Catholic              Church              for      a     Temporary                   Liquor            License              The        motion             was         seconded                by      Alderman
         Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•        Request to purchase an RC Slope Mower.
         On March 16th, Staff along with the Mayor had an opportunity to demo a Radio Controlled (RC) Slope
         Mower on the Presslar Lake dam in the Fabick Nature Preserve. An RC Slope Mower is a remote-
         controlled mower that is capable of mowing up to fifty-degree (50°) slopes and is capable of cutting up
         to one- and one-half inch (1                                     1/2") diameter growth. The mower is powered by a gas engine, operates on
         a track system instead of tires/wheels, and is controlled by one (I) operator utilizing a remote-control
         unit with a range of up to one thousand feet (1,000'). The unit demonstrated had a fifty-two-inch (52")
         cutting width with a twenty-seven and a half (27 .5) HP engine. Pictures of the mower and the area that
         was cut during the demonstration were available for review. As indicated in the dam photo, half ( 1/2) of
        the dam was cut and accomplished within twenty (20) minutes with one (1) operator.

        The City is responsible for maintaining three (3) dams within in our parks system at least once a year to
         keep the               vegetation cut and                             "woody"                growth             from         establishing                  on the            dams. Currently,                          the      City
        performs this maintenance utilizing three to four (3-4) employees with weed eaters (line trimmer heads
        and at least one (1) with a metal cutting head for the "woody" material). Staff has attempted to utilize
        other equipment with no success due to the extreme slope of the dams.

                                                                                                                        7
                                                                                         Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                             April 13, 2023

      Our current operation utilizing weed trimmers only allows for one (1) dam to be cut per day (utilizing
      three     to   four    (3-4)     employees).         During      this    operation,       the    employees        are    placed      in   extreme
      circumstances due to the slope of dams. These areas are very difficult to simply walk on, or in the
      circumstance, walk and operate equipment. The City, on multiple occasions, had to send employees to
      urgent care due to bee stings (apparently bees like the conditions), twisted/sprained ankles, and injured
      backs. Additionally, equipment has been damaged due to the conditions, at no fault of the employees.

      At this time, Staff is requesting to purchase an RC Slope Mower to add to our fleet. If approved, the
      mower would not only be utilized to maintain the dams, more than once a year, but will be used in other
      areas that have been requested to be maintained. These include areas along the Meramec riverbank
      where the brush hog cannot get into and the new flail mower cannot reach, areas in the Olde Towne
      Park and Fabick Nature Preserve, and newly cleared areas of honeysuckle to minimize the regrowth.

      The cost of a new fifty-two-inch (52") RC Slope Mower is $65,450 with options; however, a couple of
      used/low hour machines with a one-year warranty priced in the mid $40,000 are also available. If
      approved, this purchase would need to be added to the 2023 Capital Plan and would be paid for through
      Parks and Stormwater funds.

      After discussion, Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the April Board of Aldermen meeting
      the request to purchase a new TK-52XP RC Slope Mower. The motion was seconded by Alderman
      Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

EXECUTIVE SESSION
At 8:06 p.m. Alderman Clauss made a motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section 610.021:
(1) Legal actions, causes of action or litigation, (2) Leasing, purchase, or sale of real estate, and (13)
Individually identifiable personnel records, performance ratings or records pertaining to employees and or
applicants for employment. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

                       Alderman Cruts                    Aye                      Alderman Clauss                    Aye
                       Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                                  Alderman Huels                     Aye
                       Alderman Wisbrock                 Aye                      Alderman Maserang                  Aye
                       Alderman Harrell                  Aye                      Alderman Jokerst                  Aye

It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board ofAldermen.

ADJOURNMENT
At 9:01     p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting, with no other business before the Board, Alderman
Cruts made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being
taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.



City of Fenton




                                                                             8
                                                         Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                      April 13, 2023
