
                              CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                                  625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD
                                    FENTON, MISSOURI 63026

                                BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT
                                  MINUTES OF MEETING
                                 APRIL      18, 2023-7:00 p.m.

BOARD MEMBERS:
        Carl Brandt Chairperson (May 2027)
        Gary Siebert, Vice-Chairperson (May 2023)
        Bruce Rogers (May 2025)
        George Phillips (May 2024)
        Mike Mooney (May 2027)

ALTERNATE BOARD MEMBERS:
        Alternate Member John Shea (May 2025}
        Susan Phillips-Pigg (May 2023)
        Ken Adkisson (May 2022)

CALL TO ORDER:

        Vice Chairperson Siebert called the Board of Adjustment meeting of the City of Fenton,
        St. Louis County, Missouri, to order on Tuesday, April 18, 2023, at 7:00 p.m.

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE:               All attendees recited the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL- INTRODUCTION OF CITY OFFICIALS:

        Chairperson Brandt                             Excused
        Vice-Chairperson Siebert                       Present
        Member Phillips                                Present
        Member Rogers                                  Present
        Member Mooney                                  Present
        Alternate Member Phillips-Pigg                 Present - via Zoom Videoconference

        Vice Chairperson Siebert announced that no Court Reporter was present, but that the
        meeting was being recorded for future transcription if necessary.

       OTHERS PRESENT:
       Erin Seele, City Attorney
       Amy Starck, Community Development Director

CHAIRPERSON'S STATEMENT:

       Vice Chairperson Siebert briefly explained how the proceedings for the night's case would
       be conducted, reminded the petitioners of their burden, explained the purpose and ground
       rules for recording the proceedings, and announced that the City's Code of Ordinances, the
       Petitioner's applicable request for the variance, the notice of tonight's public hearing, and
       the applicable staff report were available for review and made a part of the official record.

Board of Adjustment
                                                                                                    Page2
Minutes of Meeting
April 18, 2023

    OATHS FOR TESTIMONY:

           (Administered by Vice Chairperson) Persons wishing to address the Board at this Public
           Hearing regarding a petition were asked to attest to the truth of their testimony before each
           case. Persons taking the Oath were Amy Starck, Community Development Director, Jiten
           Patel, and Karl Schoenike.

   OLD BUSINESS: None

   NEW BUSINESS:

           CASE 2023-V-01: A Petition by Shriya Management, LLC for a Variance from
           Article VI, 415.190(E)(2) of the Zoning Code to enlarge an existing non-conforming
           Off-Street Parking Area that encroaches the required Buffer Areas and to further
           encroach the required Buffer Area along a Side Lot Line ( east) with a proposed
           Parking Area expansion at 650 South Highway Drive. The parcel is zoned "HP-1"
           Hospitality Park District.

           Petitioner, Jiten Patel, approached the Board to present his request. He explained that he is
           proposing to construct a new hotel building on the property, and in order to accommodate
           a drive aisle next to the entrance canopy, the parking lot would encroach the buffer area
           along the east property line. In response to questions about the size of the entrance canopy,
           he explained that the canopy, including the dimensions and adjacent drive aisle are required
           by the hotel franchise. He further stated that the only portion to encroach was that portion
           adjacent to the canopy, and the required buffer can be provided along the remainder of the
           east lot line. The canopy would provide a vehicle parking during check-in, and the drive
           aisle would ensure emergency service vehicles access to the remainder of the property.

          Vaishali   Patel approached    and took the Oath for Testimony.        She explained that the
          franchise brand controls the dimensions for the hotel, locations of the entrances, etc. In
          order to provide a 24' drive aisle adjacent to the proposed entrance canopy as required by
          the brand, the encroachment was necessary. She further added that other configurations
          were attempted to meet franchise requirements, but they were not feasible due to the shape
          of the property.

          The Board questioned the Petitioner regarding landscaping on the property. The Petitioner
          stated that landscaping is proposed when the property is developed with the new hotel. It
          was   noted that   the proposed    site plan for the   new development      will provide   more
          landscaping and green space than currently exists on the property.

          Vice Chairperson Siebert read the proposed conditions of approval and the Petitioner
          agreed to them all.

          For the record, Community Development Director Amy Starck stated that she had received
          no calls or questions from the public concerning the requested variance.

Board of Adjustment                                                                                                                        Page 3
Minutes of Meeting
April 18, 2023
                Vice Chairperson Siebert asked for public comment. No person came forward in favor or
                against the Petition. Vice Chairperson Siebert closed the public comment portion of the
                meeting.       Discussion ensued among the members.

                Member Mooney made a motion to APPROVE, WITH CONDITIONS, CASE 2023-
                V-01. Member Phillips seconded the motion.

                Conditions of Approval:

                I.   This approval is solely for a variance from Section 415.190(E)(2) of the Zoning Code
                     to enlarge an existing non-conforming parking lot that encroaches the required Buffer
                     Areas and to further encroach a portion of the required 15-foot Side (east) Buffer Area
                     required under Section 415.190(E)(2) by 10 feet, creating a 5-foot Buffer Area with a
                     proposed Off-Street Parking Area expansion at 650 S. Highway Drive, as indicated on
                     plans submitted with the application dated February 23, 2023.
                2.   The proposed new hotel building will require separate Site Plan Review and Special Use
                     Permit approval by the Planning and Zoning Commission and Board of Aldermen.
                3.   Compliance with all other applicable City of Fenton Codes.

                Roll Call:

                Vice-Chairperson Siebert                                          Aye
                Member Phillips                                                   Aye
                Member Rogers                                                     Aye
               Member Mooney                                                      Aye
               Alternate Member Phillips-Pigg                                     Aye

               5 Ayes; 0 Nays; Motion Approved.


               CASE 2023-V-02: A Petition by Mike Skuski for a Variance from Article VI, Section
               415.180(E)(2) of the Zoning Code to enlarge an existing non-conforming Off-Street
               Parking Area that encroaches the required Buffer Area along the Front Lot Lines at
               205 Soccer Park Road. The parcel is zoned "CP-1" Commercial Park District.

               Petitioner's representative, Karl Schoenike of CEC, Inc., approached the Board to address
               any questions they may have regarding the Petition. He stated for the record he agreed to
               all of the proposed conditions.                He explained that the current parking lot has been in place
               for approximately 35 years and has not changed since the property was developed. Estes
               Trucking would like to expand the parking lot in order to construct a building addition, but
               a variance is needed for the existing parking lot encroachment before that can happen. Mr.
               Schoenike described the areas of encroachment along the front lot lines and explained the
               varying widths of the encroachment due to MoDot taking some of the property for a tum
               lane.

               The Board discussed the feasibility of removing that portion of the parking lot within the
               buffer area and restriping the lot. Mr. Schoenike explained that this would cause a number
               of employee parking spaces to be removed in order to provide a drive aisle width large
               enough for two-way traffic.

Board of Adjustment
                                                                                                                                         Page4
Minutes of Meeting
April 18, 2023

                For the record, Community Development Director Starck stated that she had received no
                calls or questions from the public concerning the requested variance.

                Vice Chairperson Siebert asked for public comment. No person came forward in favor or
                against the Petition. Vice Chairperson Siebert closed the public comment portion of the
                meeting.      Discussion ensued among the members.

                Member Mooney                made       a   motion       to   APPROVE,            WITH        CONDITIONS, CASE
               2023-V-02. Member Phillips seconded the motion.

                Conditions of Approval:

                1.   This approval is solely for a variance from 415. l 80(E)(2) to enlarge an existing non-
                     conforming Off-Street Parking Area that encroaches the required 30-foot front Buffer
                     Areas along Cassens Drive by 18 feet creating a 12-foot Buffer Area and along Soccer
                     Park Road by 7 feet creating a 23-foor Buffer area, as indicated on plans dated March
                     20, 2023.
               2.    Compliance with all other applicable City of Fenton Codes.

               Roll Call:

               Vice-Chairperson Siebert                                         Aye
               Member Phillips
                                                                                Aye
               Member Rogers
                                                                                Aye
               Member Mooney                                                    Aye
               Alternate Member Phillips-Pigg                                   Aye

               5 Ayes; 0 Nays; Motion Approved.

   APPROVAL OF MINUTES - October 18, 2022

   Member Rogers made a motion to approve the October 18, 2022, minutes as submitted. Member
   Phillips seconded the motion.

              Roll Call:

              Vice-Chairperson Siebert
                                                                                Aye
              Member Phillips
                                                                                Aye
              Member Rogers                                                     Aye
              Member Mooney                                                     Aye
              Alternate Member Phillips-Pigg                                    Aye

              5 Ayes; 0 Nays; Motion Approved.

   OTHER BUSINESS:
   The Community Development Director shared that presently there were no Petitions received for
   the May meeting.

Board of Adjustment                                                                                                                        Page 5
Minutes of Meeting
April 18, 2023
     ADJOURNMENT:
     A motion to adjourn was made by Member Mooney and seconded by Member Rogers.

                Roll Call:

                Vice-Chairperson Siebert                                           Aye
                Member Phillips                                                    Aye
                Member Rogers                                                      Aye
                Member Mooney                                                      Aye
                Alternate Member Phillips-Pigg                                     Aye

                5 Ayes; 0 Nays; Motion Approved.

     The meeting was adjourned at 8:04 p.m.

     Respectfully submitted,


     AmyStarcQ                                                                    Carl Brandt
     eity MministratofCOYnnu. .,11,f;f- Deve..ff)f:ntUl-1---                      Chairperson
    City of Fenton, Missouri               J);ye4-o--                             Board of Adjustment
