
                                     CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                        625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
          MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                          THURSDAY, MAY 4, 2023
                                                   7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St.                        Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, May 4, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall
and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
    Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present               Alderman Chris Clauss - Present- via Zoom Videoconference
    Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present           Alderman Ralph Cruts - Absent
    Alderman Robin Huels - Present                  Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
    Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                  Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard - via Zoom Videoconference
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
St. Louis County Police Precinct Sergeant Dilks









                                             Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                         May4, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath shared he had received concerns of dead fish at Westside Park lake. Missouri Department
of Conservation (MDC) recently restocked Westside Park lake, and MDC noted it is normal that a few fish
may die in the process. MDC further suggested that the muskrats be removed from the lake.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
      There were no public comments.

POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS - (Clauss, Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
•     Election of the Committee Chairperson.

      Alderman Jokerst made a motion to appoint Alderman Clauss. The motion was seconded by Alderman
      Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the
      Committee.

•     Consideration of a request to purchase a water fountain/ bottle filling station for the Fenton
      Precinct.
      The Fenton Precinct is requesting a new water fountain/bottle filling station to replace the existing
      water fountain within the Fenton Precinct station.

      A request was made to repair the existing water fountain due to the lack of or no water pressure making
      the fountain not usable. Repair for this fountain will be approximately $100 for parts that are on back
      order, then labor time for the repair.

      A new fountain water filling station costs range from $1,000 to $1,300. It would make sense to be more
      ecofriendly by installing a bottle filling station and putting any funds towards a new fountain rather
      than repairing the outdated existing fountain.

      Alderman Jokerst expressed she likes the bottle filling station suggestion and inquired if there were
      other fountains that need to be replaced in other areas. Mayor Maurath reaffirmed the request on the
      agenda is a request to repair or replace fountain for precinct station and noted there was a kitchen within
     the precinct where bottles could be filled.               Alderman Wisbrock clarified if fountain under consideration
     was in the City Hall lobby or in the precinct. Alderman Clauss replied it was the fountain within the
     precinct station.

     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested replacing the water fountain in the City Hall lobby with
     a new fountain/bottle filling station as it would be better utilized by the public and Staff and repair the
     fountain in the precinct station. Alderman Wisbrock and Alderman Jokerst expressed they would be in
     favor of her suggestion.

     Following discussion, Alderman Clauss made a motion to forward to the May Board of Aldennen
     meeting the consideration of a request to purchase a water fountain/bottle filling station for the City
     Hall lobby and repair the water fountain in the Fenton Precinct. The motion was seconded by Alderman
     Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the
     Committee.

•    Consideration of a request by the Emergency Operations Center to utilize an open space in the
     Community Development Building if needed during an emergency.
     The St. Louis County Emergency Operations Center (EOC) is requesting to use an open space in the
     Community Development Department ( former Library space) as needed in the event of an emergency.

                                                                               2
                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                         May 4, 2023

      Per the EOC the existing tables, chairs, and power within the space are adequate for their needs, but if
      needed they would be able to provide additional amenities for the operations.

      The proposed temporary location would not have an impact on the separate/secured office space utilized
      by the Missouri Highway Patrol or the Community Development Department.

      Alderman Clauss made a motion to approve consideration of a request by the EOC to utilize an open
      space in     the Community Development Building if needed during an emergency. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Jokerst.

      Alderman Jokerst inquired if a generator would be needed. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied
      no they would provide additional amenities needed for the operations.

      Captain Lawson explained the EOC is requesting this location as they may not always have authorized
      access to their current back up location.

      Aldennan Maserang inquired if this would conflict with State Highway usage. City Administrator Nikki
      Finkbiner replied, no.

      Following discussion, the motion was unanimously approved by the Committee.

      Following further discussion, Aldennan Clauss made a motion to open the topic to the full Board.
     The motion was seconded by Aldennan Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the
      motion was unanimously passed by the Committee.

     Aldennan Clauss made a final motion to approve consideration of a request by the EOC to utilize an
     open space in the Community Development Building if needed during an emergency. The motion was
     seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                  Upon      a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
     unanimously passed by the Board of Aldennen.

PERSONNEL - (Wisbrock, Cruts, Huels, Jokerst)
•    Election of the Committee Chairperson.

     Alderman Jokerst made a motion to appoint Alderman Huels. The motion was seconded by Alderman
     Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the
     Committee.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS - (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Clauss, Maserang)
•    Election of the Committee Chairperson.

     Alderman Maserang made a motion to appoint Alderman Bereitschaft. The motion was seconded by
     Aldennan Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed
     by the Committee.

•    Consideration of a request by Francis Energy for the City to apply for a Charging and Fueling
     Infrastructure (CFI) Grant for EV's at Wally's.
     The Charging and Fueling Infrastructure (CFI) Grant Program has made available $700 million dollars
     from FY2022 and FY2023 to strategically deploy electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure across
     the country, particularly in urban, rural, and                    disadvantaged communities.                Private entities such as
     Wally's and Francis Energy are not eligible applicants, but municipalities such as the City of Fenton
     are. The CFI grant requires an 80/20 cost share. If this project were to be awarded, Francis Energy
                                                                                3
                                                            Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                          May 4, 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      11
would provide the 20% match. The application for this round of funding is due on May 30                                                                                                                                1, and Francis
Energy is prepared to provide grant writing support.

Wally's proposes that the City of Fenton submit an application to upgrade the existing Francis Energy
infrastructure at Wally's                                       Fenton located at 950 Assembly Parkway,                                                                     Fenton, MO 63026. There                                            are
currently two 60kW charging ports that can charge two cars simultaneously. This project will upgrade
the station capacity to charge at least four(4) cars simultaneously at l 50kWh each, meeting the National
Electric               Vehicle               Infrastructure                      Standards.                   Seeing             that         Wally's               is     conveniently                       located             near         the
intersection of 1-44 and 1-270, this location could serve the citizens of Fenton while also drawing
interstate travelers into the City of Fenton and nearby various local businesses. Francis Energy is also
open to including other interested site hosts, public or private, on this application.

Alderman Jokerst asked for clarification is request for City status to obtain grant funding for private
company. Mayor Maurath shared the City would need to apply for the grant, if approved it is an 80/20
cost share that Francis Energy would pay the 20% match.

Matt Jones, Francis Energy was present via videoconference. Mr. Jones shared they would like to
partner with the City for the CFI grant funding.                                                                     The first round of funding offers up to $700 million in
2022-2023. The grant will fund up to 80% of the cost of building charging infrastructure and as a
partnership with the City they would provide the 20% match cost as the municipality is eligible to apply
for the grant and they are not. They built the current 60kW charge system at Wally's in 2022. They
could upgrade that into four (4) l 50kW system.

Alderman Clauss inquired why City should consider applying for a grant for private entity instead of
the City applying for and installing charging system themselves.

Mr. Jones shared the consideration could be for other areas beyond Wally's location. There are two (2)
types of grants: (L3) Corridor Charging Grants, to be used along state-designated corridors, and (L2)
Community Charging Grants, to install EV charging in public places such as schools, grocery stores,
parks, libraries, or multi-family sites and must be publicly accessible.

Alderman Bereitschaft expressed he feels Fenton residents would not benefit with charging station as
they would utilize their own system at their home and inquired if City applied for the grant how the
financial process transpires. Mr. Jones replied 80-90% of charging does take place at home, but there
is a benefit to attract people off a major corridor that will also shop and eat at the local business. Mr.
Jones explained the City receives the funding and is dispersed for approved projects outlined in the
grant.

Alderman Maserang inquired if consideration is driven by current demand or anticipated demand and
further inquired if City received funding would it hinder eligibility for future grants for the City. Mr.
Jones shared EV sales are increasing but there are also reservations due to range of available charging
systems to get from point A to point B. This is an investment to reduce the range anxiety. He assumes
the City would be eligible to apply for any round of funding.

Alderman Jokerst shared she would like to consider additional charging locations within the City. She
further inquired if revenues generated would be 100% to Francis Energy or would it be split with the
City. Mr. Jones explained they typically have ground leases, flat rate or an agreed percentage whichever
is higher, and Francis Energy would own, operate, upgrade, and maintain the system.

City Attorney Erin Seele inquired on grant agreement terms the City would need to consider. Mr. Jones
shared             it is       a five            (5) year agreement, outlining liability,                                                            operations, maintenance, and                                               reporting

                                                                                                                                 4
                                                                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                       May 4, 2023

responsibility and he would provide a copy of the agreement terms for review. If the grant would be
approved, the project would require a Request for Proposals (RFP) of which they would submit a
proposal for the project, that can be run concurrently with the grant application. Mr. Jones reminded
                                                                                                                                             1
the Board the deadline to submit the grant is May 30°                                                                                          .

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner asked Mr. Jones to explain where the funding came from. Mr. Jones
explained the U.S. Department of Transportation's new CFI grant program, was established by the
Bipartisan Infrastructure Law passed in 2021, that will provide Federal funds of $2.5 billion over five
(5) years to applicants from cities, counties, local governments, and Tribes.

Alderman Clauss expressed she feels if charging station would be installed at City Hall or other City
property it could benefit City employees that would need to charge their vehicles.

Alderman Huels inquired if additional locations would be considered at this time, would it slow down
                                                                                                                                            th
the submittal process of this request with the May 30                                                                                           deadline. Mr. Jones replied he did not believe it
would and shared they would help with the additional request to the extent the procurement laws would
allow.

Aldennan Wisbrock asked how many charging stations are currently at Wally's.                                                                                                                                                  Mr. Jones replied
currently there are two (2) 60kW charging stations. Alderman Wisbrock expressed he feels additional
locations would better serve public access in locations close to roadways, gas stations, shopping center
rather than parks, RiverChase YMCA, or City Hall and feels that if located on City property after the
five (5) year agreement is expired the City will not be able to maintain the infrastructure as needed. Mr.
Jones explained the federal funding will help provided maintenance for the first five (5) years and
typically                  leases             run         fifteen              to       twenty               (15-20)                years,             however as                          Francis               Energy                 would              be        the
owner/operator, they would continue maintenance and liability for the life of the infrastructure.

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner inquired if this was the only submission opportunity for this grant
or if additional applications for other locations could be submitted annually. Mr. Jones replied the first
two (2) fiscal years have been combined into this application, however there will be three (3) more
fiscal years to submit future applications and believes they will be more difficult and competitive the
longer the programs is open.                                                     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner further inquired if Francis Energy
sought out other locations within Fenton for consideration to make this application more robust. Mr.
Jones stated he would verify with their acquisition team ifthere were other leases for consideration in
the area. Typically, they take the lead from the community for location sites.

Kevin Herdler, Executive Director, St. Louis Regional Clean Cities was present at the meeting. Mr.
Herdler stated he would be available to assist the City if there would be consideration of additional
applications in the future. He further explained, the Corridor Grant they are requesting allows them to
connect Oklahoma and Missouri as a Route 66 electric highway and the program wants the higher
charging stations on these roadways approximately each one hundred fifty ( 150) miles. If moved
forward, this would be the first National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) in Missouri.

Mayor Maurath shared he feels more consideration needs to be given before moving forward and further
inquired how would the City receive revenue from the charging station as it is not City property. Mr.
Herdler explained through utility tax revenue.

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner asked if there was an agreement outlining liabilities, maintenance,
payment, etc. that can be reviewed, and noted that the City could be required to have a single audit
completed if this grant was awarded and track both revenue and expenses ofthe grant. Mr. Jones shared
Francis Energy would pay the expenses for the construction of the project and submit requests for

                                                                                                                                              5
                                                                                                        Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                                  May 4, 2023

      reimbursement to the City up to the 80% cost. Mayor Maurath inquired on safeguards for financial
      liability. Mr. Jones stated there are required construction bonds that would be in place.

      After discussion, Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the May Board of Aldermen
     meeting the consideration of request by Francis Energy for the City to apply for a Charging and Fueling
     Infrastructure (CFI) Grant for EV's at Wally's and have City Attorney review terms in agreement. The
     motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the
     motion was unanimously passed by the Committee.

     Alderman Jokerst inquired if topic can be reconsidered in future for additional locations for next years
     submission. There were no objections.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS- (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels, Maserang)
•    Election of the Committee Chairperson.

     Alderman       Huels     made     a motion      to appoint Alderman Maserang.                 The motion was          seconded      by
     Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed
     by the Committee.

PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY - (Wisbrock, Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
•    Election of the Committee Chairperson.

     Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to appoint Alderman Wisbrock. The motion was seconded by
     Alderman Maserang.

     Alderman Bereitschaft inquired that with his background of 45 years as a carpenter and 30 of those
     years as a superintendent if he could do more for Public Works as the Chairperson. Alderman Huels
     shared her concern is that it is not the role of Chairperson to oversee projects or get deeply involved in
     the daily operations of the department, the role is reporting to the Board. Alderman Maserang agreed.
     Mayor Maurath shared he feels the Chairperson has a total understanding of focus and issues within
     the committee and communications with the Staff and committee.

     Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the Committee.

•    Consideration of bids for the 2023 Bud Weil Park Roof Replacement Project.
     The City held the bid opening for the 2023 Bud Weil Park Roof Replacement Project on April 27, 2023
     at 10:00 a.m. Two (2) bids were submitted for consideration: Jeffco Guttering and Allen Roofing and
     Siding.

     With the unit pricing provided by both bidders to replace the roofs with architectural asphalt shingles,
     Jeffco Guttering submitted the lowest responsive bid of $17,683.00. At this time, it is requested to
     award the contract to replace the roofs at Bud Weil Park to Jeffco Guttering.

     A bid alternate was included to provide pricing to replace the roofs with metal roofing in lieu of the
     asphalt shingles. If the Board so desires, there is an option to replace one ( 1) or all roofs with metal
     roofing. Please see the bid sheet from Jeffco Guttering. Allen Roofing indicated they do not install
     metal roofing.

     Alderman       Wisbrock       made     a   motion     to   forward     to the    May     Board     of Aldermen         meeting     the
     consideration of bids for the 2023 Bud Weil Park Roof Replacement Project with Jeffco Guttering as
     recommended. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang.
                                                                            6
                                                         Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                       May4, 2023

      Alderman Jokerst inquired if metal roofing lasted longer than shingles. Public Works Director Dan
      Howard shared after the flood in 2015, the City has been using metal roofing on all the shelters in the
      main park. Metal roofing is designed and warrantied to last for thirty (30) years vs. fifteen to twenty
      (15-20) years for asphalt shingle roofing and is not affected as much by hail or wind damage. The
      option is for comparison. Public Works Director Dan Howard expressed he is in favor of shingles for
      aesthetics and history of Bud Weil Park.

      Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if metal vs. shingle would affect insurance cost. City Administrator
      Nikki Finkbiner replied no.

      Mayor Maurath inquired on the bone structure of the buildings. Public Works Director Dan Howard
      shared the structures are in great shape however, there are cosmetic issues that need to be addressed.
      Cochran Engineering did a brief survey, they stated the oldest structure, being the house, is in good
      shape.

      Public Works Director Dan Howard shared Allen Roofing and Siding did not submit an addendum that
      was provided for facia on the main pavilion and hexagon shelter and further stated they do not install
      metal roofing.

      There was discussion of safety concerns with metal roofing such as kids throwing rocks on the roof of
      the restroom structure, climbing on it and other concerns. Alderman Wisbrock inquired if the restroom
      should be an asphalt roof and main pavilion and hexagon shelter be metal roofing. Alderman Jokerst
      expressed       she   feels    for   aesthetics      all roofing       should     be the     same.     Alderman Harrell,            Alderman
      Wisbrock, Alderman Bereitschaft, and Alderman Clauss agreed.

      Alderman Clauss inquired if the asphalt shingles were construction grade. Public Works Director Dan
      Howard responded no, they are architectural grade shingles and wear better. Public Works Director
      Dan Howard shared metal roofing shows more chalking buildup from pollen and with safety concerns
      on the restroom structure he is in favor of asphalt shingles.

      Alderman Huels noted for the record that Jeffco Guttering will be performing work at her house, for
      transparency.        Alderman Clauss also stated the Jeffco Guttering has performed several projects at her
      house and they did a very good job.

      Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by the Committee.

•    Consideration of an extension to the contract with Aramark Uniform and Career Apparel, Inc.
     Currently, the City has a contract with Aramark Uniform and Career Apparel, Inc. to provide the Public
     Works Department's professional uniform lease and rental, shop towel rental and cleaning services.
     The contract was approved via Ordinance 3842 in 2018 and is set to expire August 23, 2023. Currently
     the City spends approximately $1 00-$150/month for these services and the rates have not increased
     since the initial term in 2018.

     At this time, Staff is seeking direction from the Board if they would like Staff to put out a formal RFP
     for vendors to provide quotes for these services or if the Board would like to negotiate with Aramark
     for another term. Per Aramark, they are willing to keep the existing rates the same for another three (3)
     years and will allow the City to renew annually.

     Aldennan Maserang inquired if employees are required to utilize this service and if not how many
     employees utilize the service. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied they are not required and

                                                                                   7
                                                              Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                             May4, 2023

         approximately half(1/2) ofthe department take advantage of the unifonn pants and City is only charged
         for the number of uniform pants provided and they provide shop towels. Alderman Huels inquired if
         he was happy with their service. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied yes.

         Alderman                 Wisbrock                made           a     motion            to      forward            to      the      May          Board           of Aldermen                     meeting             the
         consideration of an extension to the contract with Aramark Unifonn and Career Apparel, Inc. The
         motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the
         motion was unanimously passed by the Committee.

INFORMATION SERVICES- (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels, Maserang)
•        Election of the Committee Chairperson.

         Alderman Huels made a motion to appoint Aldennan Harrell. The motion was seconded by Alderman
         Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was unanimously passed by
         the Committee.

MISCELLANEOUS
•        Consideration of a request by St. Paul Parish for traffic control during their parish picnic.
         St. Paul Parish is requesting that the City allow for one-way street parking and traffic flow for their
         parish picnic, as they have in past years. The Police Department has no concerns.

         They are requesting Police assistance and no parking sign as you enter Forest Knoll Drive and add no
         parking signs along the residential side of Forest Knoll Drive. One-way sign to be posted on Heathwood
         Lane and Fircrest Lane to direct traffic to enter from Forest Knoll Drive and exit on Sennawood Drive
                                                                                         th                                                                                  th
         beginning at noon on Friday, May 26                                                 until 10:00 p.m. on Saturday, May 27                                                2023.

         Following discussion, Alderman Maserang made a final                                                                          motion to approve the request by St. Paul
         Parish for traffic control during their parish picnic. The motion was seconded by Aldennan Bereitschaft.
         Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of
        Aldennen.

•       Consideration of a request by Boy Scout Troop 778 to utilize the Bud Weil Pavilion for meetings.
        Boy Scout Troop 778 is requesting the Board waive the rental fee for utilization of the Bud Weil
        Pavilion (preferably near the lake) for their use May through September on Wednesday evenings during
        the 2023 summer for their meetings, with the condition if the pavilions are rented, they will not be able
        to utilize the pavilion for their meeting, however they could utilize another pavilion in Bud Weil if
        available and will be notified of the change. The typical cost to rent the pavilion (for a day) is $40 for
        residents and $75 for non-residents.

        Staff is seeking direction if the Board would like to approve this request ongoing basis or have the
        request presented annually.

        Aldennan Huels made a final motion to approve request by Boy Scout Troop 778 to utilize the Bud
        Weil Pavilion for meetings May through September on Wednesday evenings with the condition if the
        pavilions are rented, they could utilize another pavilion in Bud Weil if available, waive rental fee, and
        request they assist in service projects in the park. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon
        a vote being taken, it was announced that the                                                               motion was                  passed unanimously by the Board of
        Aldermen.



                                                                                                                            8
                                                                                             Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                   May 4, 2023

     •    Consideration of a request to surplus an auto scrubber.
          Staff is requesting to surplus an auto scrubber that was used at Riverchase. With the partnership with
          the YMCA in July 2022, the YMCA purchased a new auto scrubber to keep in line with equipment
          they were familiar with from other facilities. There are a couple of known issues with the City's auto
          scrubber which could easily be repaired, but with the City not having a use for this size of machine at
          other City facilities it is best to surplus at this point to receive the best price. Staff does have a buyer
          interested in purchasing at a price higher than the dealer is willing to give the City and is aware of the
          issues with the auto scrubber.

          Alderman Clauss made a final motion to approve request to surplus an auto scrubber. The motion was
          seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken,                             it was announced that the motion was
          passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

    EXECUTIVE SESSION
    At 8:31 p.m. Alderman Huels made a motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section 610.021
    ( 1) Legal actions, causes of action or litigation, (I 2) Sealed bids and related documents, until the bids are
    opened; and sealed proposals and related documents or any documents related to a negotiated contract until
    a contract is executed, or all proposals are rejected, and ( 19) Existing Or Proposed Security Systems And
    Structural Plans Of Real Property Owned Or Leased By A Public Governmental Body, And Information
    That Is Voluntarily Submitted By A Nonpublic Entity Owning Or Operating An Infrastructure To Any
    Public Governmental Body For Use By That Body To Devise Plans For Protection Of That Infrastructure,
    The Public Disclosure Of Which Would Threaten Public Safety. The motion was seconded by Alderman
    Maserang.

    Upon the roll being called, the Board ofAldermen voted as follows:

                          Aldennan Cruts                 Absent                  Alderman Clauss
                                                                                                                 Aye
                          Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                              Alderman Huels                  Aye
                          Alderman Wisbrock              Aye                     Aldennan Maserang               Aye
                          Alderman Harrell               Aye                     Alderman Jokerst                Aye

    It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen.

    ADJOURNMENT
    At 9:51 p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting, with no other business before the Board, Alderman
    Wisbrock made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken,
    it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

d 7Jill-j submitted,

JHW,
    <;1ty c1:r)L--
    City of Fenton





                                                                                 9
                                                              Board ofAldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                            May 4, 2023
