
                                                                                CITY OF FENTON
                                            625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                          MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                                                       THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2023
                                                                                        7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, June 8, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and via
Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
Alderman Ralph Cruts - Absent
                                                                                        Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present
                                                                                        Alderman Robin Huels - Present
Alderman Brian Wisbrock -Absent                                                         Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                                                          Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Six Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard - via Zoom Videoconference
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop










                                                                                               I
                                                                      Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                       June 8, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath shared the Farmers Market appeared crowded as he passed it earlier in the evening, there is
a lot of work activity by the Public Works Department throughout the City, as of May 2023, water rates
have increased, and if you do not agree with your property tax assessment, they have an opportunity to
protest rate increase with St. Louis County and he will provide additional information in the newsletter.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
There were no public comments.

Alderman Jokerst shared she has heard fantastic reviews for the Farmers Market.

Alderman Huels made a motion to move the Parks and Recreation topics next on the agenda. Alderman
Maserang seconded the motion. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of
Aldermen.

PARKS AND RECREATION COMMITTEE -Aid Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•    Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
     •    Request for approval of the Great Rivers Greenway sign plan for the Meramec Greenway.
          As discussed with the             Board     in March,      Great Rivers Greenway (GRG)                   is proposing upgraded
           signage along the Meramec Greenway, including "sticks" and bridge graphics. Last month the City
          approved a construction, operations, and maintenance agreement with GRG for the placement and
          future maintenance of the proposed signage under Ordinance 4329.

          The final item needed for GRG to begin the project is Board approval of the proposed sign package.
          A sign package for discussion and comments was available for review so that GRG can finalize the
          plan for the project.

          Angelica Gutierrez, Project Manager with GRG, overviewed the sign project. Ms. Gutierrez shared
          there are thirty (30) Greenway signs to be removed and forty-two ( 42) signs to be installed with
          new brandage, bridge graphics, and "sticks". They are also coordinating with MoDOT and St.
          Louis County Parks.           She commented that the City has done a great job maintaining the Greenway.

          Alderman Bereitschaft expressed he feels there are too many proposed new signs and suggested if
          the number can be reduced. He further inquired on what the USNG # was used for. Ms. Gutierrez
          replied,    it is an emergency           locator code,       and   they are working with dispatchers to update                      the
          database with new coding.

          Alderman Jokerst shared she also feels there are too many proposed signs and inquired if some
          could be combined. Ms. Gutierrez shared additional signage for decision points and guidance for
          people not familiar with the area are being proposed. They will review to see if any signs can be
          combined to minimize the number.

          Alderman Maserang inquired                 if MoDOT had concerns with painting bridge piers with graphics.
          Ms.    Gutierrez      shared     conceptually        no,   however,      MoDOT         is reviewing        licensing     and    mural
          agreement that will need to be entered with GRG. Alderman Jokerst inquired affects from drainage
          culverts from the highway on the graphics. Ms. Gutierrez replied she would inquire.

          Alderman Clauss inquired if signage could be double sided to reduce the number proposed for the
          project. Ms. Gutierrez replied that is proposed in the project.


                                                                        2
                                                     Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                  June 8, 2023

                     Mayor Maurath shared he also believes there are too many signs proposed. He believes people
                     utilized their mobile devices to navigate.

                     Alderman Bereitschaft inquired what a sharrow sign was. Ms. Gutierrez replied it is a sign painted
                     on the street.

                     Alderman Huels expressed she was not in favor of forty-two (42) signs.

                     City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested to allow GRG to revise project to minimize signage
                                                                                                                                              th
                     and present revision to the Board at the July                                                                       13         Board of Aldermen Committee meeting for
                     approval.

                    Alderman Huels made a motion to continue to the July Board of Aldermen Committee meeting to
                    allow GRG time to revise sign plan for the Meramec Greenway with reduced signage. The motion
                    was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the
                    Board of Aldermen.

•         Announcements from the Parks and Recreation Committee meeting:
                                                                th
           ■        Due to the July 4                                 holiday, the July Parks and                                           Recreation Committee Meeting will be                                                             held on
                                                                    th
                    Wednesday, July 12                                  at 6:30 p.m.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          th
           ■        The Parks and Recreation Committee will have their annual training workshop on July 12                                                                                                                                     at 5:30
                    p.m. in advance of the Parks and Recreation Committee Meeting.

           ■        Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve was continued to allow staff to obtain
                    additional information.

          •         Discussion regarding Municipal Parks Grant Commission Planning Grant was continued to allow
                    the Committee additional time to review the Park Planning Service proposals.

          •         Following discussion regarding Municipal Parks Grant Commission Construction Grant, no action
                    was taken.

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared that she attended the Municipal Park Grant Commission pre-
application meeting. Applicants were encouraged to attend, background information on the grant process
was provided, and points were awarded to cities attending. Prior, grants were to assist in projects that would
not necessarily occur and were not included in a City plan; now, they need assurance that cities can match
the grant so points are provided if the project is included in a City plan.

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared the Board can consider applying for Municipal Parks Grant for
the bathroom at Fabick Nature Preserve this year as it is the only project that would meet the needed criteria
to get the points needed for the grant. She further noted that no one showed up for the Fabick Nature
Preserve Bathroom Restoration pre-bid meeting, so the project would                                                                                                    have to be readvertised. The deadline
                                                                                                                              th
for the construction grant application                                                        is    August              28       .   However,                 as      there         has       also         been         discussion                 for      a
prefabricated building, Staff is working on obtaining those bids to present to the Parks and Recreation
Committee for recommendation. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained the Board can apply for the
prefabricated building for this year, however if applied for this year, you lose points and likely would not
get another grant the following year.                                                    If the Board wanted to restore the existing bathroom opposed to a new
fabricated building she suggested not applying for the grant this year.

City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner further shared that the Parks and Recreation Committee discussed
waiting, in conjunction with planning grant, until next year, to allow time to review upcoming plan for Bud
Weil property projects to apply for grant or parking and restroom facilities at the old Farmers Market
location.

Mayor Maurath expressed with no one showing for pre-bid, the project does not appear to be a big enough
project for them to be involved in and he feels grant should be reserved for other projects.


                                                                                                                              3
                                                                                             Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                                    June 8, 2023

Alderman Bereitschaft inquired factors of the grants. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained she was
informed that the prior grant for the 1-44 project points will be counted against the City, those points were
not   supposed        to count against           future     grants.     She    will    be   reaching       out to     the    Parks Commission              for
clarification.

No action was taken to direct Staff to apply for a grant this year.

•     The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
      ■     Approval         for   staff to apply          for   funding        under the Missouri Department of Conservation
            Community Forestry Cost Share Program for a contractor to perform a tree inventory of
            City trees (parks and ROW).
            Staff has contacted the Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) regarding funding under the
           Community Forestry Cost Share Program. Noting that the City already provides funding for the
            removal of dead and diseased trees under the Capital Plan, it was suggested that the City consider
           applying for funding under the Forestry Program to hire a professional service to provide a tree
            inventory.      The tree inventory will assist the City with identifying and prioritizing trees that need to
            be removed due to disease and/or decay or due to the invasive nature of the tree.                                         Additionally, the
           tree inventory is usually completed within an asset management database or GIS format that is then
           provided to the City upon completion of the survey so that progress can be easily tracked.

           Per MDC, the requests for the next round of funding under the Community Forestry Cost Share
           Program will begin on July 1, 2023.                       It is noted that applicants that apply at the beginning of the
           funding round have a better opportunity of receiving funding.

           The maximum funding allowed under an application is $49,000 per year, with a 50/50 cost share
           (example: if awarded $49,000 by MDC, the City must provide $49,000 in cash or in-kind services
           toward the project).            However, due to the number of applications received by MDC, it is suggested
           that the application            have a      max request of $25,000 to                   be more competitive (likely to                   receive
           funding).      Per MDC, quotes               will   also    need to       be obtained from            a   professional        contractor that
           provides tree inventory services and provided with the request for funding.

     ■
           Approval for staff to apply for                       funding       under the         Missouri Department of Conservation
           Community Conservation                      Assistance Program                for    a contractor to            perform        mitigation        of
           invasive species in Fabick Nature Preserve.
           Staff contact MDC to discuss funding options to implement the Master Park Plan for Fabick Nature
           Preserve.       Per MDC, the recommendation is that the City start with applying for invasive specifies
           control, specifically honeysuckle, within the park before submitting for other project funding.

           Per MDC, the best funding opportunity for invasive species control will be under the Community
           Conservation Assistances Program and MDC will begin accepting requests for the next round of
           funding under this program on July 1, 2023.                         Applicants that apply at the beginning of the funding
           round have a better opportunity of receiving funding.

          The maximum funding allowed under an application is $49,000 per year, with a 50/50 cost share
          (example: if awarded $49,000 by MDC, the City must provide $49,000 in cash or in-kind services
          toward the project). The project application will consist of the City requesting funding to hire a
          professional service to remove the invasive species in areas identified within the proposed scope of
          work.

          Staff can work with MDC to identify areas that need invasive control and will assist in prioritizing
          the areas before the application is submitted; however, due to the extensive invasion in the park,
          requests for funds will most likely need to occur over multiple grant rounds as this is a long term
          commitment           project.      Per    MDC,       quotes      will    also     need     to   be    obtained       from     a   professional
          ecological/environmental contractor that provides                             invasive species           management services,               along
          with the areas of priority identified, within the request for funding.

                                                                             4
                                                         Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                       June 8, 2023

•     Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
      •     Consideration of a Municipal Tree Ordinance.
            A   sample Municipal          Tree Ordinance was            available for       review.    It is   suggested that the         Board
            consider the adoption of a Municipal Tree Ordinance to qualify as a "Tree City USA" under the
            Arbor Day Foundation. Although adoption of the Ordinance was not required in the past by the
            Arbor Day Foundation, an Ordinance is now recommended (and will most likely be required in the
            near future) that the City have a Tree Ordinance to meet the Tree City USA requirements.

            Benefits of being a Tree City include additional grant funding through the Missouri Department of
            Conservation (specifically the Community Forestry Cost-Share Program) at a 75%/25% cost share
            in lieu of a 50%/50% cost share, with a maximum grant of $49,000.

            It is noted     that   if adopted,      the   City   will   need    to establish a       "Tree Board". The Tree               Board
           requirements can          be satisfied     by   utilizing the     Board's Public        Works/Forestry Committee              or the
           Board     can    delegate     the   responsibilities      to the    Parks     and   Recreation      Committee.        It is   Staff's
           understanding that the "Forestry" portion of the Public Works Committee was established in the
           past to identify responsibility under the annual Tree City application; however, Staff is seeking the
           Board's direction         on   which Committee           will be    identified    as   the Tree     Board    before drafting an
           Ordinance for consideration and adoption.

           Alderman Jokerst expressed she was in favor of the Parks and Recreation Committee for the "Tree
           Board".

           City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared Section 4(b) Term of Office will be amended to match
           City terms of office and Section 7(a) Adjacent Owner Responsibility will be removed. Alderman
           Maserang inquired on Section 7(b) if owner fails to maintain tree to clear of obstructions from
           right-of-way, that the City can prune or remove tree and charge property owner. City Administrator
           Nikki    Finkbiner explained           it will   be   referenced     back to existing municipal code that it is the
           property owner's responsibility to keep and maintain tree on private property from blocking public
           access.

           Alderman Huels made a motion to continue to the June Board of Aldermen Committee meeting the
           consideration of Municipal Tree Ordinance with the Parks and Recreation Committee for the "Tree
           Board". The motion was seconded                   by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion
           passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

FINANCE -Aid Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokerst)

Alderman Huels made a motion to open the topics to the full Board. The motion was seconded by Alderman
Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

•    Consideration of Property and Casualty Renewals for 2023-2024.
     Amy DiBlasi with Daniel and Henry Co. overviewed renewals. Amy shared the biggest challenge this
     year is on property coverage as insurance companies have increased values, rates, and deductibles due
     to increase of storms in the Midwest, cost of reinsurance in the market, materials, construction, labor,
     and wind/hail claim losses.

     Current property coverage through Travelers is $52,036 with an excess earthquake policy. It is noted
     that is with $25,000 wind/hail deductible. The City has had coverage through Travelers for the past two
     (2) years, prior to that, the City coverage was through Chubb. Renewal offers were from Travelers for
     $122,277 and Chubb for $93,263.

                                                                       5
                                                     Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                  June 8, 2023

      Due to large hail losses, in December Travelers decided that every public entity in Missouri would have
      a $250,000 wind/hail deductible. Chubb offered a wind/hail deductible for $250,000 for RiverChase
      building and contents only due to its size and value and a $25,000 deductible on all other City locations.
      Lloyds of London offered a buy down on Chubb coverage for $17,864 to bring deductible down to
      $25,000      on    RiverChase        but    no   offer    for   Travelers      coverage.       Buy    down      coverage       is optional.
      Additionally, Chubb offered an earthquake deductible of I% or $50,000 minimum vs Travelers 2% or
      $50,000 minimum. Amy recommended coverage through Chubb with buy down.

      Amy overviewed the last nine (9) years of property loss summary. The most recent two (2) years of
      paid losses were through Travelers totaling $54,099. The prior seven (7) years were through Chubb
      totaling $944,122.

      Amy shared the workers' compensation claims have been good (experience mod down 1.64 from                                               1.74)
      and anticipate a large drop next year.                 She notes an average is 1.0. Public officials claims were good.
      There is a current large auto claim with anticipated reserve of $191,123, but prior years were small.

      Current workers'         compensation         is through Travelers,          prior was through Missouri Employers Mutual
      (MEM), renewal offers were from Travelers for $133,599 and MEM for $111,896. Amy recommended
      coverage through MEM.

      Amy recommended renewals with new carriers as outlined on page 36 of the proposal totaling $289,034
      which is a $42,020 increase over expiring.

      Amy noted Crime renewal Travelers offer options: one year term for $1,669, 3-year term paid in full
      now $4,757 (saves $250), or 3-year term paid annually for $1,669. She recommended the option to pay
      in full for the 3 years, if feasible.

      Alderman Bereitschaft expressed he feels to pay in full for the 3 years is best option and buy extra buy
      down from Lloyds of London on hail/wind coverage.                               Alderman Clauss asked              if $25,000,000 was
      enough earthquake coverage. Amy shared many do not buy full coverage.

      Mayor Maurath inquired if a claim was made and paid if City could keep the cash instead of rebuilding.
     Amy replied yes, generally.

     Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if Chubb can guarantee pay out if there is a large number of claims
     from their clients in a catastrophic event. Amy explained ratings companies they use are required to
     have and had no concerns.

     After discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting
     the consideration of Property and Casualty Renewals for 2023-2024 as recommended in proposal with buy
     down from Lloyds of London and 3 years paid in full option for crime. The motion was seconded by
     Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Presentation of the (Draft) 2022 Audit.
     Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop overviewed the audit and single audit that were available for review
     and noted there were no deficiencies. She noted the City adopted provisions for GASB 87 regarding
     leases, specifically towers; she explained the new line items under asset-lease receivable and under
     deferred inflows of resources-lease receivable. She noted that LAGERS rate decreased this year due to
     overfunding.

     Alderman Jokerst inquired what corrected/uncorrected misstatements represented. Financial Consultant
     Tammy Alsop explained differences that were                           minor unaccrued          amounts that did           not need      to be
     adjusted such as December receivables for courts and reimbursement for legal expenses.

                                                                         6
                                                      Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                    June 8, 2023

           Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting the 2022 audit. The
           motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously
           by the Board of Aldermen.

  •        April 30, 2023, Monthly Financial Report (Draft).
           Alderman Huels summarized the draft monthly financial report.

  •        Consideration of a request for a Purchasing Credit Card for the Community Development Director.
           Currently, the following positions have City Purchasing Credit Cards through Commerce Bank: City
           Administrator, City Clerk, Court Administrator, Public Works Director, Recreation Supervisor, and
           Building and Grounds Maintenance Technician. The highest credit limit is $5,000.

           It is requested that a card also be issued to the Community Development Director with a $2,500 credit
           limit. This card will mainly be utilized to purchase office supplies, conference/training fees, and other
           miscellaneous purchases (such as online deed searches). If approved, the employee will be required to
           sign the City Credit Card Usage Agreement, as required by the City's Financial Policy.

          After discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting
          the consideration of a request for a Purchasing Credit Card for the Community Development Director. The
          motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by
          the Board of Aldermen.

•         Consideration of amendments to Municipal Code providing for no automatic adjustments on the
          City's license tax for water, electric, gas, and telephone companies.
          The City received notice from the Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri pursuant to
          Section 393.275 RSMo. that Missouri American Water has raised its rates effective May 11, 2023.

          Pursuant to Section 393.275 RSMo., within sixty (60) days of the effective date of such rate increase,
          the City's tax rate shall be adjusted (in this case reduced), or the City must enact an Ordinance to
          maintain its tax rate (no reduction). Based on the above, it is suggested that the Board consider adopting
          the Ordinance that was available for review.

          Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting the consideration of
          amendments to Municipal Code providing for no                                                                          automatic adjustments on the City's license tax for
          water, electric, gas, and telephone companies. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a
          vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT - Aid Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•        Announcements for the Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting:
                                                           th
          •        Due to the July 4                           holiday, the Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting will be held on Tuesday,
                                    th
                   July 11              at 7:00 p.m.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             th
          •        The Planning and Zoning Commission will                                                                hold a workshop in advance of the July 11                                                              Meeting at
                   6:00 p.m. to continue discussion of amendments to the Comprehensive Development Plan.

•        The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         •         Denial of CASE 2023-TXT-05: A Petition by Laurie Fendler to amend Section 420.010 Land Use
                   Matrix of the Zoning Code to allow Indoor Unlimited Recreational Facility as a Use allowed by
                  Special Use Permit in the "OT-I" Olde Towne District.

                  Alderman                  Harrell             shared the                  Petitioner proposed                              a    multi-use                indoor sports facility                               mainly for
                   basketball, indoor soccer, and volleyball. The Petitioner has a specific property in mind and the use

                                                                                                                            7
                                                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                                  June 8, 2023

              is not permitted in the "OT-I" District. This would require a text amendment to the entire District
              not site specific. The Commission discussed characteristics of the District with a mix of small
              businesses and residential properties, lack of available parking, and future impacts the use would
              have to the District. The Commission voted to deny the request based on the discussion.
•      Other items from the Planning and Zoning Department:
       There were items for discussion.

HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid Jokerst, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)

Aldennan Jokerst made a motion to open the                                         topics to the full              Board.       The motion was seconded by
Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

•      Request to assist in the 2023 Operation Clean Stream Event.
                                                                                                                                                                                th
       The Open Space Council has scheduled the annual clean stream this year for                                                            Saturday, August 26                  .
       Once again, they have requested our assistance in loading debris pulled from the river into dumpsters.
       Typically, the City provides two (2) employees along with a backhoe and skid steer to assist with this
       event.

      The City's participation                   in   this event satisfies our requirement for one (1) of the                                       Minimum Control
       Measures (MCM) of the MS-4 Phase II Co-Permittee annual reporting. It is requested at this time to
      approve two (2) employees and the use of the equipment for the 2023 Clean Stream Event.

      Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if there were any concerns or issues in the prior year. There were no
      concerns or issues discussed.

      Aldennan Jokerst made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting the request to assist
      in the 2023 Operation Clean Stream Event. The motion was seconded by Aldennan Bereitschaft. Upon a
      vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.

MISCELLANEOUS
•     Discussion           regarding           carpet replacement                    for    City Hall/Police               and      Community Development
      Buildings.
      Currently         the    City      has     $60,000        in   the     2023      Capital       Plan      for    carpet      in   the     City     Hall/Police         and
      Community Development buildings. The current carpet (except for                                                         a   few     areas)      is approximately
      twenty-three (23) years old. Staff requested a local Fenton flooring vendor (Gateway Flooring), that the
      City has utilized in the past to replace carpet, provide an estimated cost to remove and replace the
      existing carpet/cove base in both buildings with new carpet tiles and cove base.

      The estimates are as follows:
      •      City Hall/Police Department and Community Development Departments: $19,748 (This quote does
             not include the Captain's office, Mayor's office, Board Room, former library space and hallway, or
             vestibules as these areas are provided in a separate quote or have newer carpet that does not need to
             be replaced).

      •      Vestibules at City                Hall     and     Community             Development:             $5,012 (This            is a     separate quote             as   a
            different/more durable type of carpet is quoted).

      •     Board Room (Alternate Quote): $9,810 (This was provided as an alternate quote as the carpet in the
            Board Room is newer than the rest of the building, but the Board may desire to update).

      Total Estimated Cost (including alternates): $34,570.


                                                                                        8
                                                                 Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                 June 8, 2023

       The carpet replacement will need to occur in phases to mitigate disruption of City services. Based on
       the above, would the Board like to go out for a formal bid for the carpet replacement and would the
       Board like to include the Board Room as an alternate? Also, it is suggested that the Board also consider
       painting the areas/offices scheduled for the new carpet before the new carpet is placed (with the cove
       removed). This can also be put out for bid.

      It is also noted that the bid does not include moving furniture, and as the carpet replacement will be
      done in phases, it is suggested that a moving company is hired to assist with the heavy items.

      Mayor       Maurath        inquired      why     cove     molding       would      need     to   be    replaced.      Alderman         Bereitschaft
      explained        it should       be    replaced       due    to    a gap      or   unable      to    place     new     carpet     under      it from
      height/thickness difference.

      Alderman         Clauss inquired          if movement and              renovations for         Community           Development and             Police
      Department offices would affect the install of new carpet. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied
      that it should not.

      After discussion, Alderman Jokerst made a final motion to approve to go out for formal bid for carpet
      and    cove replacement for               City    Hall/Police       and    Community           Development          Buildings,       painting and
      alternate of hiring a moving company. The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote
      being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•     Consideration of contract for Court Reporting services.
      The City is required to have a Court Reporter present at all Board of Adjustment Meetings to take the
      official record (and transcribe the meeting if requested). The City's former Court Reporter (for more
      than twenty (20) years) is no longer available. Staff reached out to a Court Reporter, Sue Moody, that is
      used    by the City's Prosecuting Attorney's office, and                           she stated      she would be willing to attend the
      meetings at a rate of $100 per hour (the former rate was $90 per hour).

      Based on the above, Staff is requesting that the Board consider a contract with Sue Moody to provide
      the City's needed Court Reporter services. Noting that transcription expenses are not included                                                 in her
      $ I 00 per hour rate.

      Mayor Maurath inquired if the Board wanted to move forward with a contract or pay for services as
      needed. City Attorney Erin Seele advised without a contract; expenses have to be specifically budgeted
     to qualify and comply with RSMo. 432.070.

     After discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting
     the consideration of contract for Court Reporting services. The motion was seconded by Alderman
     Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Consideration of amendments to Chapter 600, Intoxicating Liquor, of the Municipal Code.
     Proposed amendments to                  the   City's Municipal           Code related to Chapter 600                  Intoxicating Liquor for
     review, discussion, and consideration by the Board were available for review.                                           The code changes are
     summarized as follows:

     ■     Amending Section 600.020 License Required - Classes of Licenses and Fees.
     ■     Updating classifications and costs in line with Missouri Division of Alcohol and Tobacco Control.
           Removing Section 600.020 (C)(5) and Section 600.044 Independence Day liquor permit as it is
           covered under other liquor licensing.
     ■     Amending Sunday sales hours as needed within the Code.


                                                                              9
                                                         Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                       June 8, 2023

     Alderman Jokerst made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting the consideration
     of amendments to Chapter 600, Intoxicating Liquor, of the Municipal Code. The motion was seconded
     by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of
     Aldermen.

•    Consideration of amendments to Chapter 205, Offenses, of the Municipal Code.
     The City's Prosecuting Attorney is requesting that the Board consider amending the Municipal Code
     under Chapter 205, Offenses, Article II, Offenses Against The Person, to add a new Section 205.080
     addressing    Miscellaneous      Health   and   Safety   Offenses.    A draft   Ordinance     for consideration     was
     available for review.

     Mayor Maurath inquired if the numbering was correct and in line with current code numbering, as this
     is a new section to the Code. City Attorney Erin Seele stated she would verify.

     City Attorney Erin Seele explained offenses against the person are crimes that involve violent acts or
     trigger a fear of bodily harm to another person. This is a broad range of offenses when a person is
     endangering another person for prosecution action.

     Captain Lawson shared per Section l(A) "A person commits the offense of miscellaneous health &
     safety if he/she does or causes any action that endangers or potentially dangers the health and safety of
     another person. A person who violates this provision is subject to the penalties pursuant to Section
     100 .120 of this Code". It allows action against the perpetrator.

     After discussion, Alderman Clauss made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting
     the consideration of amendments to Chapter 205, Offenses, of the Municipal Code. The motion was
     seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board
     of Aldermen.

•    Consideration of a request for approval of an Amusement License Renewal for Swing-A-Round
     Fun Town.
     The City Clerk issues the amusement machine licenses, costing $15 per machine, annually. Section
     640.040(E) of the Municipal Code requires that the Board review the renewal licenses issued to an
    amusement park. Swing-A-Round Fun Town at 335 Skinker Lane, meets this definition and currently
     has fifty-seven (57) machines. Their site plan, on file with the Community Development Department,
    allows for up to one hundred two ( 102) machines. It is recommended that the Board authorize approval
    of the licenses for Swing-A-Round Fun Town.

    After discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the June Board of Aldermen meeting
    the consideration of a request for approval of an Amusement License Renewal for Swing-A-Round Fun
    Town. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed
    unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•   Consideration of a        request to     amend    the agreement with         Specialty Mailing, Inc.        to provide
    printing services for the City's monthly newsletter.
    On March 23, 2023, the Board approved Ordinance 4307 which authorized the Mayor to execute an
    agreement with Specialty Mailing to provide printing services for the City's monthly newsletter.

    Per the agreement, under "Special Provisions", Specialty Mailing was to provide a Performance and
    Maintenance Bond. In the past this was not a requirement under the printing services contract (waived
    by the Board); however, Specialty Mailing did not request this provision to be waived for 2023 bid as
    they stated they would be able to obtain the needed bond.


                                                             10
                                             Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                         June 8, 2023

               Specialty Mailing has been working to obtain the required bond since the end of March, but have been
              unable to do so; therefore, they are requesting that the Board consider amending the current agreement
              approved under Ordinance 4307 to remove the Special Provision requiring the bond, similar to the
              previous contract.
              City Attorney Erin Seele explained requirements of bond and expressed she believes the risk is low for
              the printing service ofthe newsletter.
              Alderman         Bereitschaft        made      a   motion      to   forward       to   the   June     Board      of Aldermen           meeting       the
              consideration of a request to amend the agreement with Specialty Mailing, Inc.                                               to provide printing
              services       for   the    City's      monthly       newsletter        to   waive      the    Performance           and    Maintenance          Bond
              requirement. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell.                                       Upon a vote being taken, the motion
              passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.
        EXECUTIVE SESSION
        There was no executive session held.
        ADJOURNMENT
        At 9: 17 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion
        was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
        unanimously by the Board of Aldermen .
    ..- Respecz~IY. su)'mitted,
/      ) fl/              / (__.,·
1        ,,. 7           ,
'-----1                 .•
        J~ne Hung         r
      !City Cler€)
     / City ofFenton











                                                                                      11
                                                                  Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                June 8, 2023
