
                                     CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                         625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
           MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                          THURSDAY, JULY 13, 2023
                                                    7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis
County, Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, July 13, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton
City Hall and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance and held a moment of
silence for the recent passing of former alderman Jerry Sorge.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
     Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present           Alderman Chris Clauss - Present via Zoom Videoconference
     Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                  Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present           via Zoom Videoconference
     Alderman Robin Huels - Present                  Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
    Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                   Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin See le, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop









                                              Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                          July 13, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
          Mayor Maurath shared the Farmers Market appeared crowded earlier this evening.
          Mayor Maurath shared he listened to the County Council meeting regarding a proposed bill to freeze
          senior citizen property taxes. The meeting can be viewed on the County website. The biggest concern
          he has is that he feels the numbers St. Louis County provided were bogus as he is not sure the formulas
         work, and noted the City needs to watch the funds received from St. Louis County.
         Mayor Maurath reminded everyone with high temperatures to check on their neighbors, especially
         seniors.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
         Dan Hagen, 1022 Villa Gran Way, Fenton MO thanked the Board for the much-needed repairs to the
         roads in San Simeon Subdivision. He thanked Public Works Director Dan Howard for his prompt
         attention in working with contractors to address damage to curb.

POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid. Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
         There were no items for discussion.

PERSONNEL -Aid. Huels, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Jokers!}
❖ Discussion regarding Annual Performance Evaluations.
                                            th                             st
         At the April 6                         and June I                     Board of Aldermen Committee Meetings Staff was seeking direction for
         desired changes. The topic was continued to allow additional time for further suggestions to be
         submitted. Below are suggestions that have been received to date:

          I.       suggestion received:
                             Non-supervisory:
                                       Not to remove "Exceeds" from Quality & Quantity of Work and Initiative categories only
                                      - as it allows an employee to attain a favorable rating if they do not perform as well in
                                       other areas.

                             Supervisory:
                                       Not to remove "Exceeds" from Supervision & Leadership and Planning and Organizational
                                       Management categories only - as it allows an employee to attain a favorable rating, if they
                                       do not perform as well in other areas.

                                       Incorporate Responsibility & Initiative into Planning and Organizational Management
                                       category.

         2.        suggestion received:
                             Remove "Exceeds" from rating, add text areas for written information under Performance
                             Goals - "area person exceeds" and "examples where employee went above and beyond".

         3.        suggestion received:
                             Keep "Exceeds" in rating.

         Alderman Jokerst expressed she feels "Exceeds" should be removed as some employees do exceed
         going above required duties but that should be noted in a comment section at the bottom, and further
         feels it has been overused in past for tasks that are basic required duties of the job description.

         Alderman Cruts shared he agrees with Alderman Jokerst, it is important to recognize employees if they
         go over and above and to have a comment space to write what the employee did. He furthered stated
         "Exceeds" in a general term is not really warranted.

         Alderman Maserang shared he feels employees do "Exceed" and there is a space for comments.

                                                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                        Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                                July 13, 2023

      City Administrator Nikki                 Finkbiner explained that typically the                      three    (3) categories "Exceeds",
      "Meets", and "Does Not Meet" are used for merit increases. i.e., if two (2) people are doing the exact
      same job position and one person reports to work and does the bare minimum to complete their job and
      one person reports to work completes more than required.                              The raises are based on evaluation score for
      a percentage allocation set by the Board. If there is not a difference between the score what is the
      employee's incentive to exceed when they will receive the same raise percentage.

      Alderman Wisbrock inquired if the form that is failing or individual completing the form. lf"Exceeds"
      is removed, the employee is either failing or just completing the bare minimum. Alderman Jokerst
      expressed there should be a comment space to provide why the employee exceeded or did not meet and
      make it a requirement to be filled in. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared that is a requirement
      of the current process that "Exceeds" or "Does Not Meet" must have supporting comments to justify
      rating.

      Mayor Maurath stated he believes categories are just words that mean different things to different
      people, and he feels unless an employee does not make mistakes, which everyone does, nobody should
      exceed. Alderman Jokerst disagreed and stated some employees do exceed in certain areas. Alderman
      Maserang stated he believes that an employee can exceed in areas.

      City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested maybe the policy ofthe instructions needs to be amended
      on how the form is to be completed and ensure the evaluator understands the definition of the ratings.

     Alderman Clauss shared she feels if "Exceeds" is removed, it is setting a standard that everyone is
     average and there is no reason for employee to perform more than average if there is no incentive.
     Alderman Cruts shared if an employee does their job properly, they can be considered for a promotion
     or opportunities.

     Alderman Huels suggested to continue to the August Board of Aldermen Committee meeting the
     Annual Performance Evaluations to allow the Board time to submit written suggestions for further
     discussion so that amendments can be formalized before time to utilize to forms.                                                There were no
     objections.

❖ Request to attend the Missouri State Floodplain Conference.
     It is requested at this time permission to attend the 2023 Missouri State Floodplain Conference August
     30-September 1, 2023.

     By attending the conference, it will fulfill twelve (12) of the sixteen (16) continuing education credits
     required annually to keep current on Public Works Director Dan Howard's certification for floodplain
     manager obtained in 2016. This conference also allows the opportunity to understand the changing
     policies, potential mapping changes/studies and current/future regulations relating to mitigation, pre-
     disaster preparedness and post disaster response. Throughout the conference, concurrent sessions are
     held with multiple options during each time slot to allow attendance of what would be most beneficial
     to the City.

     The cost for the three (3) day conference is $250, plus the cost of the hotel reservation at $350, for a
     total cost of $600. The expenses for this conference will be covered by the Public Works Budget under
     Training and Education.

     Alderman Jokerst asked Public Works Director Dan Howard if this would be an opportunity for
     someone else to start training for Floodplain Management. Public Works Director Dan Howard stated

                                                                                    3
                                                               Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                             July 13, 2023

         Floodplain Management is more than just a certification and difficult training to get someone into that
         setting.

         Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the July Board of Aldermen meeting the request to
         attend the Missouri State Floodplain Conference. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.
         Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

❖ Consideration of pay adjustments for Public Works Maintenance Worker I, II, and m positions,
                                                                                    th
         as fonvarded from the June 26                                                   Personnel Committee Meeting.
         On June 26, 2023, the Personnel Committee held a meeting to discuss entry level pay, salary increases,
        and pay ranges within the Public Works Department. Below are some notes from the meeting.

        After discussion, the following motion was forwarded to the next regular Personnel Committee meeting
        for discussion:

         I.       To adjust the pay ranges for the Maintenance Worker I, II, and III positions by four dollars ($4).
                 For reference a copy of the                                             City's          existing pay range                              compared to the proposed pay range
                  indicating per hour pay was available for review.
        2.        Adjust existing (Maintenance Worker I, II, and III) employees to the minimum pay of the proposed
                  pay ranges (if they are below the proposed pay range), not including recent new hires. As requested,
                  a spreadsheet indicating the proposed adjustments and costs was available for review. It was noted
                 that a recent MW/ hire was below the proposed $19. 08 base pay so that adjustment was also
                 calculated within tf/e spreadsheet.
        3.       To have further discussion in an Executive Session regarding raises for other employees within the
                 Public Works Department that were not included in the above.

        Included in the motion was that the Public Works Director would still be required to stay within the
        adopted 2023 budget for the Departments salaries. For reference a spreadsheet indicating the 2023
        salary budget and expenditures through June 30, 2023 (mid-year) for the Public Works Department
        was available for review. At mid-year the Department had spent 33. 29% of the budget for full-time,
        hourly employees                             (it    was noted that that line                                       item also includes pay for other full-time,                                                              hourly
        employees within                            the Department,                          including the Administrative Assistant,                                                         Building and Grounds
        Technician, and Fleet Tech positions.)

        Also available for review was information provided to the Personnel Committee at the meeting on the
             th
        26        and additional information requested since the meeting.

       Alderman Huels inquired if others on the Board had an opportunity to watch the video recording of the
                          th
       June 26                 Personnel Committee meeting. Most replied they had not. She shared that she feels                                                                                                                          it is
        important they watch the video for a better understanding of the discussions that were had. She further
        shared she did not understand why this discussion is happening outside ofmid-year budget discussions.
       Alderman Jokerst stated she feels it is being discussed outside mid-year budget due to it being difficult
       to also have this large of a topic for discussion in addition to budget discussions. Alderman Wisbrock
       shared as discussed at the Personnel Committee meeting, this adjustment would not exceed the 2023
       Public Works labor budget. Mayor Maurath shared it will not increase 2023 budget, but it will increase
       2024 budget approximately $80,000 and feels timing may be right for these discussions now to have
       for the 2024 budget discussions.

       Mayor Maurath stated                                     he feels the reason given for                                             this adjustment discussion at the Personnel
       Committee meeting, "the reason for the meeting and not in front of the full Board, because we kinda

                                                                                                                                   4
                                                                                                  Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                         July 13, 2023

          get mucked in the weeds when there are that many fingers in the pot", did not make sense to him, as
          now more time will be expended explaining and discussing all over again with the Board. He feels off
         to the side Committees do not work for the City, they create more time and energy. Alderman Jokerst
          inquired what the point of a Committee was if all eight (8) Board of Aldermen weigh in on Committee
          level topics. Mayor Maurath shared he feels it lessens the burden of each Alderman having to research
         all Committees' topics.

         Mayor Maurath stated he has ideas he would like to share, such as contractors, enhancements in the
         department to give employees better skills and then therefore pay them better. Alderman Maserang
         shared he feels as the Public Works Department the City has an obligation to provide services to the
         residents. Mayor Maurath shared obligations are being met through contractors.

         After         discussion,                Alderman                 Huels           suggested               to     continue                to       the       August Board                       of Aldermen
         Committee meeting the consideration of pay adjustments for Public Works Maintenance Worker I, II,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            th
         and III positions to allow other Board members to view the video recording from the June 26                                                                                                           Personnel
         Committee Meeting. There were no objections.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        th
❖ Discussion                        regarding Paid                         Time           Off benefits,                   as      forwarded                  from          the June                26         Personnel
         Committee Meeting.
         On June 26, 2023, the Personnel Committee held a meeting to discuss entry level pay, salary increases,
         and pay ranges within the Public Works Department. During the meeting, a motion was approved to
         forward            discussion regarding Paid                                    Time Off (PTO) for                               new hires to the                        next regular Personnel
         Committee                  meeting.             A      summary                sheet and               information                 of how              other         municipalities                   coordinate
         sick/vacation/PTO time off was available for review.

         Alderman Jokerst suggested the Board review other municipalities PTO and holidays vs. Fenton's for
         next discussions and pay attention to the details. Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if there is currently
         policy/system in place to prevent a large number of employees in the same department all scheduling
         the same day off. City Clerk Jane Hungler shared per the Personnel Manual use of PTO must be
         approved by an Employee's Department Head in advance.

        Alderman Huels suggested to continue to the August Board of Aldermen Committee meeting the
        discussion regarding Paid Time Off benefits, to allow other Board members time to review. There were
         no objections.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND AFFAIRS - Aid.                                                                                                 Bereitschaft,                 Chairman (Harrell, Clauss,
Maserang)
•       Consideration of a new sign in front of City Hall.
                              st
        On June l                , the Board voted to have Staff gather further information for non-digital signage in front of
        City Hall. As there are many different sign concepts, Staff would like to seek Request For Proposals
        (RFP) for the sign. The RFP would allow sign companies to provide conceptual sign proposals, with
        an estimated cost, for review by the Board. Once the Board decides which concept/design they prefer,
        the City can then negotiate with the sign company for a final cost estimate.

        Note: As requested, Staff also reached out to Mo DOT for consideration of locating a sign in their right-
        of-way and, per MoDOT, they will not permit a sign in the right-of-way.

        Alderman                  Bereitschaft                    made            a     final          motion             to     have          Staff seek                 Request             of Proposals                    for
        concept/design for new sign in front of City Hall. The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang.
        Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

                                                                                                                            5
                                                                                             Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                  July 13, 2023

❖ Consideration of a Letter of Intent (LOI) with Francis Energy.
      In conjunction with the Charging and Fueling Infrastructure (CFI) Grant Application (Electric Vehicle
      (EV)'s at Wally's), Francis Energy is requesting that the City execute a Letter oflntent (LOI) that was
      available for review. The LOI will be required should the grant application be approved.

      It was noted that the City Attorney reviewed the LOI with Francis Energy's counsel and they have
      incorporated amendments requested by the City Attorney.

      Alderman Clauss inquired if "2. Expenses - Each of the Parties will bear its own expenses relating to
      development ofthe Definitive Agreement." meant the City will have to pay for City Attorney fees. City
      Attorney Erin Seele replied yes and there will be more fees in future. Matt Jones, Francis Energy, stated
      that five percent (5%) of the grant can be spent on administrative fees which will allow City to recapture
      costs.

      Alderman Bereitschaft made a                        motion to forward                to   the    July Board of Aldermen meeting the
      consideration of a Letter of Intent (LOI) with Francis Energy. The motion was seconded by Alderman
      Clauss.      Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the
      Committee.

❖ Consideration                of renewing the subscription with                          Everbridge,          Inc. d/b/a        Nixie for a Public
      Notification System.
      The City's current one (I) year subscription with Everbridge, Inc. d/b/a Nixie for a Public Notification
      System is set to expire on September 8, 2023. Nixie is used by the City to send out mass public alerts
      and notifications          such as construction projects,                  boil orders, and trash delays. According to Nixie's
      administrative portal, currently 2,695 citizens are registered under the system to receive alerts and
      notification and 23,840 contacts can be reached via voice dial in the event of an emergency alert. The
      existing and proposed annual cost for the system is $4,000.

      As Nixie was the lowest, most responsive bidder in 2017 and the existing annual fee of $4,000 has not
      increased, Staff suggests that the Board consider renewing with Nixie for another one (I) year term.

      City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared it was discovered that advisories sent by National Weather
      such as flooding cannot be opted out of, however City can tum offadvisory notices during those events.

      Alderman Bereitschaft made a                        motion to forward               to the July Board of Aldermen meeting the
      consideration of renewing the subscription with Everbridge, Inc. d/b/a Nixie for a Public Notification
      System for another one (1) year term. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell.                                                     Upon a vote
      being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid. Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels)
❖ Consideration of a quote to repair a retaining wall along Gravois Road.
      During an extreme rainfall event in 2022, overflow from a private property overtopped a curb and
      caused a retaining wall on Gravois Road, in front of Western Plaza, to fail. On the abutting property
      behind the wall is a twenty foot (20') long storm grate that could not handle the excessive runoff.

      Staff has been working with R.V. Wagner to form a solution to prevent this type of issue to happen in
     another extreme storm event. R.V. Wagner's proposal to remedy the issue was available for review.
      Essentially, their proposal would be to construct a reinforced wall and sidewalk similar to a foundation
      wall tied into the sidewalk. The cost of the proposal is $45,600. This estimate includes all material and
      labor to remove the remaining wall and reconstruct a reinforced wall.

                                                                                       6
                                                                 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                July 13, 2023

      If approved, the cost for this repair will need to be placed on the 2023 Capital Plan at mid-year.

      Alderman Bereitschaft inquired if claim could be turned into insurance company. City Administrator
      Nikki Finkbiner stated she would inquire.

      Mayor Maurath suggested as damage was from an extreme storm event and for the cost the Board
      should approve repair and consider bigger blocks and pins. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared
      there are some restrictions in construction due to location.

      Alderman Maserang made a motion to open topic to the full Board for the consideration of a
      quote to repair a retaining wall along Gravois Road. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.
      Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

      Alderman Maserang made a final motion to approve repair of the retaining wall along Gravois Road
      utilizing bigger blocks and pins and concrete pad on top of the wall to help slow water. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.                         Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
      passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY -Aid Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
      There were no items for discussion.

INFORMATION SERVICES -Aid. Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Huels, Maserang)
•     Consideration of a request for a new internet provider at Fenton Sports Complex.
      Currently the City has a non-fiber internet connection at the Fenton Sports Complex (FSC) provided
      by AT&T at a cost of$84.90 per month. In September of2021 the City received a quote from Spectrum
      (through Worldnet) to build out a fiber line to the complex in the amount of $8,835.78. At that time
      AT&T stated that a buildout to the location was not even an option.

      Under the current AT&T service, the concession stand internet bandwidth is below par and noting that
     there is limited cell service in this area of the City, many of the employees need to connect to the
      internet wi-fi in the concession stand for cell service. Please note the internet/wi-fi is only used within
     the concession stand and is not offered for public use.

     To temporarily address the service issues, Essential Network Technology (ENT) has reconfigured some
     settings and reduced the number of employees that can be on the concession stand wi-fi (which is
      needed for cell service in case of an emergency/911 call). Even with the reconfiguration, the existing
     service does not provide the needed bandwidth.

     Based on the above, Staff and ENT have reached out to Worldnet (who assisted with the Spectrum
     buildout to the City Park Concession Stand) and Verizon (the City's cell provider) to discuss other
     possible internet options.

     Worldnet, reached out to AT&T and Spectrum to see if anything has changed since 2021 and if they
     could provide fiber in the area; however, they are still not able to do so at this time. Worldnet did
     provide a possible point-to-point solution and satellite solution; however, the monthly costs are quite
     costly at $175/month or more, a quote was available for review.

     Verizon was able to provide a solution through a contracted partner (Discount Cell). The solution is a
     wideband adaptor with an antenna that provides internet through Verizon. The adaptor would be
     installed at the concession stand and the antenna would need to be installed on an existing ballfield light

                                                                                       7
                                                                 Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                July 13, 2023

          fixture. Per Discount Cell, this solution has been used at other ballfields and in other rural areas with
          great success.

          The one-time, up-front cost for the adaptor/antenna is $1,869.25, with a 30-day free trial. The monthly
          cost for service through Verizon (under the State Cooperative Contract) is $39.99 per month, on a
          month-to-month basis (no contract). Staff also sent the specs and information to Bates Electric (the
         City's on-call                      electrician) and they                               stated they                 would            be      able to            perform              the antenna                   installation
         (additional details were available for review).

          Based on the above, and after reviewing all the options with ENT, Staff is requesting to:

          1.       Have Bates Electric install the adaptor/antenna under the 30-day trial with a one-month Verizon
                   data subscription.
         2.        If the solution appears to provide the needed internet service, Staff is also requesting to purchase
                   the equipment and utilize Verizon as the internet provided at FSC at $39.99/month (in lieu of the
                   current $84.99/month with AT&T). As stated above, the cost will be one time cost of $1,869.25,
                   with an option for extended remote access, tech support, warranty at $200/year (this would begin
                                          st
                   after the I                year term).
         3.        Execute the Purchasing Entity Agreement with Verizon for the government contract rates/pricing.
                   The agreement has been reviewed by the City Attorney and was available for review.

         Vince with ENT was present via videoconferencing for questions. Alderman Maserang inquired on
         current speeds. City Attorney Erin Seele shared current bandwidth is 18 mbps download and 2 mbps
         upload. Vince stated the 2 mbps upload is what is hindering connections.

         City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared per the agreement, City has an obligation to provide POS
         system, however due to the connection issues the system cannot keep up, so GameTime is utilizing
         their own POS system, an amendment discussion to the agreement is later on the agenda.

         Alderman Harrell made a motion to forward to the July Board of Aldermen meeting the request to
         purchase the equipment and utilize Verizon as the internet provided at FSC at $39.99/month with option
         at Fenton Sports Complex as Staff suggested and obtain a quote from Bates Electric to install antenna.
         The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the
         motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

•        Consideration of a quote for a new computer server.
         The City's IT company, Essential Network Technology (ENT) is suggesting that the City upgrade the
         existing computer server due to on-going lag issues, needed space, and the age ofthe units. The existing
         server serves City Hall, Community Development, and Public Works.

         A quote from ENT to replace the server, along with an email addressing questions regarding the existing
         and proposed servers was available for review.

         Vince with ENT shared the current server is ten ( I 0) years old, a typical life cycle of a server/hardware
         is seven (7) to ten (10) years. Vince shared his rule of thumb is, if each employee loses five (5) minutes
         everyday for computer issues, the production time lost can justify the cost.

         City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner stated if approved, it will require a mid-year budget amendment.
         The quote is $9,133.40.


                                                                                                                                     8
                                                                                                    Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                           July 13, 2023

      Alderman Harrell made a motion to open topic to the full Board. The motion was seconded by
      Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon                       a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
      unanimously by the Committee.

      Aldennan Harrell made a final motion approve the ENT quote for a new computer server. The motion
      was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft.                            Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
      was passed unanimously by the Committee.

•     Consideration of a request to amend the approval for Adobe Acrobat Pro Licensing.
      The City's current one (I) year subscription with Adobe is                                      set to expire on July 27, 2023. Adobe
      Acrobat Pro, which allows users to create, edit, convert, and sign PDF documents, is used by twelve
      (12) employees.

      ln 2022, the Board approved the Adobe Acrobat Pro Licenses at a cost "not exceed $2,880 per year".
      Beginning July 27th, the cost for each license will increase to $23.99/month (or $287.88/month) for a
      new annual cost of$3,454.56-which exceeds the approved $2,880 per year (at $20 per license/month).

      As Adobe Acrobat Pro is an essential tool for many employees, Staff is requesting that the Board amend
      the cost cap from $2,880 to $3,500.

      Vince with ENT explained that Adobe is a unique software and feels the cost for the product is worth
      the investment.

      Alderman          Harrell       made       a   motion       to    forward         to   the     July     Board      of Aldermen            meeting       the
      consideration of a request to amend the approval for Adobe Acrobat Pro Licensing with the cost cap of
      $3,500. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels.                                       Upon a vote being taken, it was announced
      that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokers!)
•     May 31, 2023, Monthly Financial Report.
      Alderman Cruts summarized the monthly financial report.

      Alderman Jokerst inquired if revenue from Prop U would be a separate line item in the budget. Financial
      Consultant Tammy Alsop replied she can add a new line item for Prop U revenue.

•     Discussion regarding funds from the Charter Court Case settlement.
      In late April the City received a check in the amount of $189,433 that was issued for the City's portion
      of the settlement under the Winchester vs. Charter Court Case (Class Action Suit). At the time the City
      received the funds, we were cautioned to keep the funds in reserves until after the appeal deadline of
                th
      June 5      • As Charter did not appeal the ruling by the deadline, the $189,433 was placed in the General
      Fund as revenue (as it was an unrestricted funds) and will be shown as revenue in the June 2023
      Financial Report.

      As this was an unexpected revenue for the City, Staff is seeking direction from the Board as to if they
      would like to dedicate the revenue to a specific use or purpose, such as a capital project, or simply keep
      the funds as miscellaneous revenue under the General Fund.

     If the Board chooses to dedicate the funds to a project/purpose, the reallocation can be made during the
      mid-year budget; however, Staff wanted to get this information in front ofthe Board for any discussion
      in advance of the mid-year amendment.

                                                                                        9
                                                                  Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                 July 13, 2023

          After discussion, it was suggested to keep the funds as miscellaneous revenue under the General Fund.
          There were no objections.

•         Consideration of requested agreements with Simmons Bank.
          Staff received agreements from Simmons Bank, which they are requesting that the City execute. Per
          Simmons Bank they have updated their agreements governing collateralized public deposits, "which
         contain important provisions concerning the rights and responsibilities governing the collateralization
         of public deposits with Simmons Bank.". The agreements were provided to the City Attorney for review
         and comment, and available for review.

         City Attorney Erin Seele shared this agreement is a typical bank agreement. Financial Consultant
         Tammy Alsop stated that she has no concerns with the agreement.

         Alderman Cruts made a motion to forward to the July Board of Aldermen meeting the consideration
         of requested agreements with Simmons Bank. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                                                                                                                                   Upon a
         vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT -Aid Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval, unless otherwise noted.
•        Announcement:
         ❖ The Planning and Zoning Commission will hold their annual training in advance of the September
                     th
                   7      meeting at 6:00 p.m.

•        The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         ❖ Approval of CASE 2023-TXT-06: A Petition by D-Bat Academics to amend Section 420.010
                  Land Use Matrix of the Zoning Code to allow Indoor Limited Recreational Facility as a Use
                   allowed by Special Use Permit in the "BP-2" Business Park District.

                  Community Development Director Amy Starck explained request is to add an Indoor limited
                   Recreational Facility to the "BP-2" Business Park District as it is neither a Permitted Use nor a Use
                  allowed by Special Use Permit in the district. She added that while the Petitioner may have a
                  particular property in mind, the text amendment would be applicable to the entire district and is not
                  site-specific.

         ❖ Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUP-10: A Petition by D-Bat Academics for a Special
                  Use Permit to operate an Indoor Limited Recreational Facility at 2130 Bowles Avenue. The
                  property is addressed as 1297 North Highway Drive and is zoned "BP-2" Business Park District.

                  Conditions of Approval:
                   1.      This          Special             Use         Permit             is    solely           for       D-Bat            Academics,                    to     operate             an       Indoor            Limited
                           Recreational Facility at 2130 Bowles Avenue as indicated on plans dated June 12, 2023.
                  2.       Minimally, an Occupancy Permit will be required before the space is occupied. The site plan
                           shall be amended to indicate the required number of Accessible spaces in compliance with
                           Section 430.140 before Occupancy will be issued.
                  3.       Municipal Zoning Approval (MZA) by the City ofFenton and a Building Permit from St. Louis
                           County will be required for any proposed interior remodel or proposed signage.
                  4.       Compliance with all other applicable Code and Ordinance requirements.



                                                                                                                                    10
                                                                                                    Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                          July 13, 2023

       ❖ Approval of CASE 2023-TXT-07: Consideration of amendments to Chapter 430, Article V of the
             Zoning Code related to Special Events.

             The approval included amending the tenn "Food Truck Events" to "events centered around Food
             Trucks".

       ❖ Approval of CASE 2023-TXT-08: Consideration of amendments to Section 420.010 Land Use
             Matrix ofthe Zoning Code related to Outdoor Storage Area of vehicles associated with a dealership
             that is not located on the same premises.

Aldennan Jokerst inquired if CASE 2023-TXT-06 amendments would change the Code. Community
Development Director Amy Starck replied yes, it will add use to the District, it would not be site specific.
It is a use consideration based on characteristics and can be approved or denied. It was also noted that this
amendment is not in contravention of the City's Comprehensive Plan.                                             Mayor Maurath noted that he was
opposed to the text amendment.

•     Other items from the Community Development Department:
      There were no other items for discussion.

PARKS AND RECREATION-Aid. Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval, unless otherwise noted.
•     Announcements:
       ❖ Discussion regarding a bathroom in Fabick Nature Preserve was continued to allow staff to obtain
             additional infonnation.

      ❖ Following discussion regarding rip rap around Westside Park Lake, no action was taken.
      ❖ The Parks and Recreation Committee discussed the newly created Fenton Tree Advisory Board and
            duties assigned to the Fenton Tree Advisory Board per Chapter 133 ofthe Fenton Municipal Code.

•     The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
      ❖ Approval of selecting Planning Design Studio for the Bud Weil Annex Master Plan under the
            Municipal Parks Commission Planning Grant, with SWT Design as a backup selection.

            Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve selecting Planning Design Studio for the Bud
            Weil Annex Master Plan under the Municipal Parks Commission Planning Grant, with SWT
            Design as a backup selection. The motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.                                                   Upon a vote being
            taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•     Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
      ❖ Request for approval of the Great Rivers Greenway sign plan for the Meramec Greenway.
            As discussed with the Board in March and June, Great Rivers Greenway is proposing upgraded
            signage along the Meramec Greenway, including "sticks" and bridge graphics. In May the City
            approved a construction, operations, and maintenance agreement with Great Rivers Greenway for
            the placement and future maintenance of the proposed signage under Ordinance 4329.

            The final item needed for Great Rivers Greenway to begin the project is Board approval of the
            proposed sign package. In June the Board requested that Great Rivers Greenway amend the sign
            package to reduce the number of proposed signs and bring the matter back to the July Committee
            Meeting.

                                                                                         II
                                                                   Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                   July 13, 2023

          As Great Rivers Greenway was not able to complete a revised sign package in advance of the July
          Committee Meeting, this matter will be forwarded to the August Committee Meeting.

      ❖ Consideration of an amendment to the agreement with GameTime Tournaments to operate
          the concession stand at Fenton Sports Complex.
          In   May    of 2023,      the   Board    approved      an   agreement      via Ordinance       4330     with   GameTime
          Tournaments to operate the concession stands at Fenton Sports Complex (FSC).

          As will     be discussed under "Information Services", the internet connection at the FSC is not
          functioning as needed for Game Time to run credit card only sales through the City's Point Of Sale
          (POS) system. Per the agreement, GameTime is required to use the City's POS system to operate
          the concession stand, in lieu of their own POS system.

          Based on the issues with the City's POS system/internet connection and noting that GameTime
          does not have an issue running their POS system (through Square) on handheld tablets, GameTime
          is requesting that the City amend the contract to allow GameTime to use their POS system. If
          approved, Game Time will reimburse the City the agreed upon four percent ( 4%) of gross sales and
          will provide weekly sales receipts from the system to provide evidence of gross sales amounts.

          Below is the excerpt related to sales under the current agreement:
               Sales. During use of the Facility, the City shall provide Game Time limited access to CivicRec
               and    GameTime shall         use the POS       system to allow the City to track the sales made by
               GameTime at the Facility. GameTime shall utilize the City's software, Forte, to process credit
               card sales and shall reimburse the City for each credit card fee incurred by the City for same.
               The City shall provide GameTime an invoice for the credit card fees due on a monthly basis.
               Game Time shall pay such invoice within ten ( I 0) calendar days from receipt of same. Game
               Time shall not make any sales without utilization of the City's system.

          Alderman       Huels    made     a   motion     to forward      to the July      Board    of Aldermen        meeting     the
          consideration of an amendment to the agreement with GameTime Tournaments to operate the
          concession stand at Fenton Sports Complex (FSC). The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss.
          Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board
          of Aldermen.

HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid. Jokers/, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Clauss)
     There were no items for discussion.

MISCELLANEOUS
•    Consideration of a request for surplus farm implements from Bud Weil Park.
     At this time, it is requested to surplus the old farm implements which are currently located within Bud
     Weil Park. The implements will be removed by Public Works and advertised for sale for a certain period
     ohime. If not sold, the metal will be scrapped.

     Alderman Clauss made a final motion to approve request to surplus farm implements from Bud Weil
     Park. The motion was seconded by Alderman Cruts.                     Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that
     the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Consideration of a request for destruction of records.


                                                                         12
                                                       Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                    July 13, 2023

     A request to destroy the following files effective upon approval. These files will be destroyed following
     approval by the Board of Aldermen. The files to be destroyed meet the retention requirements as stated
     in the Missouri Municipal Records Retention Schedule.

     Staff is requesting the Board approve a one ( 1) time shredding service to pick up files from location as
     this provides for secure destruction and provides the necessary capacity to make short work of large
     shredding jobs. To have The Shred Truck perform a secure on-site one-time shredding service, with a
     cost of $109.00 first bin then $89.00 per each subsequent 96-gallon bin (which holds ten (10) copy
     paper boxes per bin), with an anticipated twenty-six (26) boxes; Staff is requesting final approval for a
     one (I) time shredding cost not to exceed $200.

     •    Quarterly Tax Files - 2000-2017
     •    Journal entries/wire transfers/bank recs/month end folders - 2019
     •    Accounts Payable - 2019
     •    Payroll Reports - 2017
     •    RiverChase Daily Cash Balance Receipts (DCB)- 2018-2019

     Aldennan Huels made a final motion to approve the request for destruction of records. The motion
     was seconded by Aldennan Jokerst.               Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
     passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

•    Readoption ofthe City's procedure to disclose potential conflicts ofinterests and substantial interests
     for certain City Officials.
     An Ordinance readopting the City's procedure to disclose potential conflicts of interests and substantial
     interests for certain City Officials needs to be approved by the Board ofAldermen annually and sent to
     the Missouri Ethics Commission in order to be in compliance with                            Missouri State Law. A draft
     Ordinance was available for review.

     Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to forward to the July Board ofAldennen meeting the readoption
     of the City's procedure to disclose potential conflicts of interests and substantial interests for certain City
     Officials. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell.                    Upon a vote being taken, it was announced
     that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.

•    Consideration of a request by Crest Industries, Inc. for temporary parking on Larkin Williams
     Industrial Court during an event.
     A request from Crest Industries, Inc.              for temporary parking on one (1)               side of Larkin Williams
     Industrial Court for an open-house event at 231 Larkin Williams Industrial Court on Friday, September
     15, 2023, from 12:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.

     Per Table VIII of the City's Traffic Code, no parking is allowed on Larkin Williams Industrial Court;
     therefore, this request will need to be approved by the Board of Aldennen.

     As indicated in the letter, if approved additional "no parking" signs will be placed on the other side of
    the street to ensure traffic flow. The same request has been provided to the Police Department and the
     Fenton Fire Protection District for review, and both the Police and the Fire Districts have stated that
    they are comfortable with the temporary request.

     It is also noted that this same request by Crest Industries was approved by the Board of Aldermen in
    August of 2021.

                                                                         13
                                                       Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                   July 13, 2023

        Alderman Maserang made a final motion to approve the request by Crest Industries, Inc. for temporary
        parking on Larkin Williams Industrial Court during the open house event. The motion was seconded
        by Alderman Wisbrock.                           Upon        a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
        unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•       Consideration of a request to use the City Hall parking lot for a Blood Drive.
        Staff has received a request from Mark McGough to have a Mobile Blood Drive in the parking lot at
                                                                                                                             st          nd
        Fenton City Hall on August 14th or 15th (preferred) or August 21                                                        or 22        (additional options). Per the
        below request, lmpactLife Blood Center will coordinate/hold the event, they are just requesting the use
       of the parking lot to accommodate the mobile unit.

       Alderman Jokerst made a final motion to approve the request to use the City Hall parking lot for a
       Blood Drive. The motion was seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced
       that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

EXECUTIVE SESSION
At 9:09          p.m. Alderman Clauss                        made        a   motion to enter into Executive Session pursuant to Section
610.021(1) Legal Actions, Causes Of Action Or Litigation and (19) Existing Or Proposed Security Systems
And       Structural          Plans       Of Real           Property         Owned           Or Leased             By     A     Public Governmental                      Body,        And
Information That Is Voluntarily Submitted By A Nonpublic Entity Owning Or Operating An Infrastructure
To Any Public Governmental Body For Use By That Body To Devise Plans For Protection Of That
Infrastructure, The Public Disclosure Of Which Would Threaten Public Safety. The motion was seconded
by Alderman Huels.

Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

                             Alderman Cruts                            Aye                            Alderman Clauss                             Aye
                             Alderman Bereitschaft Aye                                                Alderman Huels
                                                                                                                                                  Aye
                             Alderman Wisbrock                         Aye                            Alderman Maserang                           Aye
                             Alderman Harrell                          Aye                            Alderman Jokerst                           Aye

It was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.
ADJOURNMENT
At 9:59 p.m. Mayor Maurath reconvened the meeting at which time, with no other business before the
Board, Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to adjourn. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon
a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.








                                                                                                       14
                                                                             Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                               July 13, 2023
