
                                                                            CITY OF FENTON
                                         625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                        MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                                               THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 2023
                                                                                    7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, August IO, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and
via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present
                                                                                    Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present                                               Alderman Robin Huels - Present
Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present                                                   Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                                                      Alderman Susan Jokerst-Absent
Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq. - via Zoom Videoconference
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard - via Zoom Videoconference
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop










                                                                                           I
                                                                   Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                 August I 0, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
Mayor Maurath shared the Farmers Market is up and running tonight.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
There were no public comments.

FINANCE -Aid. Cruts, Chairman (Wisbrock, Huels, Jokers!}
•         June 30, 2023, Monthly Financial Report.
          Alderman                  Cruts           summarized                     the       monthly               financial              report. Mayor Maurath                                      inquired              on      streetlight
          increase              of $15,435.                   City Administrator Nikki                                         Finkbiner replied                           an adjustment will                              be      needed             to
          allocate expense to capital project.

•         Consideration of proposed amendments to the City's Financial Policy.
          A copy of the updated Financial Policies Manual was available for review. The changes to the manual
          are due to new processes with the online payments, deleting the duplicate procedures for the same
          function, deleting procedures no longer in effect, and fixing the wording.

          Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop shared there will be a further amendment to Section 700 of the
          Financial Policy to include Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) Statement Number 87
          -Leases.

          Aldennan Cruts made a motion to continue to the September Board of Aldermen Committee meeting
          the      proposed               amendments to                         the       City's          Financial Policy to allow                                     Staff time                to make amendments                                  to
          Section 700. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.                                                                                               Upon a vote being taken, the motion
          passed unanimously by the Committee.

PLANNING AND ZONING COMMISSION REPORT - Aid Harrell, Liaison
All recommendations from the Planning and Zoning Commission will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.
•        Announcements for the Planning and Zoning Commission Meeting:
          •        The         Planning                and         Zoning              Commission                       will        hold         a     workshop                  regarding                 amendments                      to      the
                                                                                                                                                                           th
                   Comprehensive Development Plan in advance of the September 5                                                                                                meeting.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       rd
          •        The Planning and Zoning Commission will hold their annual training in advance of the October 3
                   meeting at 6:00 p.m.

          •        The         Planning and                       Zoning Commission CONTINUED                                                             to     the       September Planning                                 and        Zoning
                   Commission Meeting, CASE 2023-SUP-l l: A Petition by Corbin Holtzman on behalf of Talaria
                   MO, LLC for a Special Use Permit to operate a Marijuana Transportation Facility at 2275 Cassens
                   Drive, Suite 130. The parcel is addressed as 143 Cassens Court and is zoned "IP-I" Industrial Park
                   District.

•        The Planning and Zoning Commission recommended the following:
         •        Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SUB-01: A Petition by US Capital Development on
                   behalf of Fenton Land Investors for review of a Preliminary Plat to subdivide one existing Lot into
                   seven Lots known at Fenton Logistics Park Plat Eight and containing 13.525 acres. The property is
                  addressed as 750 Assembly Parkway and zoned "PIO" Planned Industrial Development.

                  Conditions of Approval:
                   1.       This approval is for the subdivision of an existing parcel containing 13 .526 acres into seven (7)
                            Lots, as shown on the plat submitted with the application and dated July 5, 2023.

                  2.        An Access Maintenance Agreement shall be established for the private access easement and a
                            copy of the same provided to Community Development for City records.


                                                                                                                            2
                                                                                           Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                               August 10, 2023

                    3.       The Petitioner shall provide two (2) copies of the approved Preliminary Plat to the Community
                             Development Director so that they may be signed by the Director. The plat shall state that the
                             approval is not final and that the Preliminary Plat is not to be recorded.
                   4.        Compliance with all other applicable codes and ordinances of the City of Fenton.

          Alderman Harrell explained this request subdivides the remaining land and Mr.                                                                                                                      Haley stated at the
          Planning and Zoning meeting that he is talking to prospective users for these lots.

•         Approval, with conditions, of CASE 2023-SP-02: A Petition by Scott Haley on behalf of Fenton Land
          Investors for a Sign Plan for a proposed Pole Sign. The property is addressed as 750 Assembly Parkway
          and zoned "PIO" Planned Industrial Development.

          Conditions of Approval:
          I.       The Sign Plan approval is for a single Pole Sign positioned at any one (l) of the locations identified
                   in either Option A or Option B, as indicated on the Site Plan submitted with the application and
                   dated July 6, 2023.

          2.       Any proposed future Signs for the subject Lots that are not in compliance with the Sign Code shall
                   require a separate Sign Plan review. Nothing in this requirement shall prevent the installation of
                   new Signs in compliance with the Sign Code, via applicable permits.

          3.       Municipal Zoning Approval by the City of Fenton and a Sign Permit issued by St. Louis County
                   will be required for the proposed signs.

         4.        Compliance with all other applicable City Codes and Ordinances.

Alderman Harrell explained the pole sign is to identify tenants similar to Fenton Dierbergs and Gravois
Bluffs and will not be built before the tenants. A Sign Plan is needed due to the height and face of the sign
exceeding the Code requirements.

The Petitioner, Scott Haley, U.S. Capital Development overviewed his requests. There were no further
questions or comments.

•        Other items from the Planning and Zoning Department:
         There were items for discussion.

PARKS AND RECREATION COMMITTEE-Aid Huels, Liaison
All recommendations from the Parks and Recreation Committee will be forwarded to the next Board Meeting
for approval unless otherwise noted.

•        Announcements from the Parks and Recreation Committee meeting:
         •         Due to the Labor Day Holiday, the Parks and Recreation Committee Meeting will be held on
                                                                              th
                   Wednesday, September 6                                         at 6:30 p.m.

         ■        The Parks and Recreation Committee approved a motion for the Public Works Director to obtain
                  quotes for Pickleball Courts in Fenton City Park for further review by the Committee.

•        The Parks and Recreation Committee recommended the following:
         •        Approval of new informational signs in City Parks, containing the information as presented
                   by staff.
                  Signs to be in a similar design as the informational sign in Fabick Nature Preserve, be constructed
                  of a heavier, reflective metal material, at an approximate cost of $185 per sign with a total of nine
                  (9) signs.

                  City Administrator Nikki                                         Finkbiner explained that they                                              get complaints                        that the signs                      are       not
                  reflective               enough and                     they want to                      make the                  signs          less       cluttered, so                   they         are easier to                    read.
                  Alderman Huels inquired if all signs would have one (1) or two (2) posts. Alderman Bereitschaft

                                                                                                                            3
                                                                                           Board ofAldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                                                               August I 0, 2023

            recommended posts be non-deteriorating material. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner voiced she
           would inquire on recommendation for number of posts, based on sign size.

           Alderman Huels made a motion for Staff to gather more information for new informational signs in
           City Parks and bring back to the September Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting. The motion
           was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the
           Board of Aldermen.

      •    Approval for staff to apply for the MDC Community Conservation Assistance Program funds
           for    the    Fabick       Nature       Preserve       utilizing      invasive      species      removal/native          habitat      plan
           presented by staff with the priority being invasive species control.
           Alderman        Huels      made     a   final   motion      to   approve      Staff to      apply     for   the   MDC       Community
           Conservation Assistance Program funds for the Fabick Nature Preserve utilizing invasive species
           removal/native habitat plan presented by staff with the priority being invasive species control. The
           motion      was    seconded       by    Alderman        Wisbrock.       Upon      a vote     being     taken,    the    motion     passed
           unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

      •    Approval of hosting a tree planting day this fall and a park clean-up day in the spring of 2024
           to observe Arbor Day.
           The Tree Board will select locations for the fall planting and Staff will try and obtain trees through
           Forest ReLeaf Missouri.

           Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve hosting a tree planting day this fall, Staff to try and
           obtain trees through Forest ReLeaf Missouri, and a park clean-up day in the spring of 2024 to
           observe Arbor Day. The motion was seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, the
           motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Other items from the Parks and Recreation Department:
     •     Request by Great Rivers Greenway for approval of a sign plan for the Meramec Greenway.
           As discussed with the Board                  in March, Great Rivers Greenway (GRG)                          is proposing upgraded
           signage along the Meramec Greenway, including "sticks" in Fenton City Park and graphics.

           In May the Board approved a construction, operations, and maintenance agreement with GRG for
           the placement and future maintenance of the proposed signage under Ordinance 4329.

           The final step is for the Board to approve of the proposed signage (as provided in the agreement).
           Following review of the proposed signage in June, the Board requested that Great Rivers Greenway
           amend the sign package to reduce the number of proposed signs.

           A   revised     sign package for discussion and                   comments was available               for   review.     GRG      is   now
           proposing twenty-five (25) new signs in lieu of the forty-two (42) previously proposed new signs.
           (This project will include the removal of twenty-nine (29) existing signs.)

           If approved by the Board, it is requested that the motion include the ability for City Staff to approve
           any minor changes to the sign package that may arise during the project.

           Angelica Gutierrez, Project Manager with GRG, overviewed the revised sign project.

           Alderman Bereitschaft inquired who would be responsible for restoration for concrete pads for
           kiosk signs. Ms. Gutierrez replied it would be GRG responsibility. Alderman Bereitschaft further
           inquired      on   removal       of street      connection.        Public     Works       Director     Dan     Howard        shared     the
           connection is       no    longer needed now that the greenway path has been connected and should be
           removed. The asphalt removal will be conducted by Public Works Department and R.V. Wagner
           will replace with concrete.

                                                                           4
                                                       Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                   August IO, 2023

         Mayor Maurath inquired on consideration of upgrading dirt path near Henderson Drive and the
         flashing light intersection near park entrance. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared retaining
         walls would be needed and noted width restriction concerns with utility poles.

         Alderman Huels made a motion to continue to the August Board of Aldermen Committee meeting
         the approval of a sign plan for the Merarnec Greenway by Great Rivers Greenway. The motion was
         seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by
         the Board of Aldennen.

■        Request by Great Rivers Greenway for a vertical separation along Yarnell Road under the 1-
         44 Bridge.
         In 2007 the City entered into a License Agreement with the Missouri Highways and Transportation
         Commission for a portion of the Meramec Greenway Trail Project, as authorized by Ordinance
         3070.          Essentially, the                     agreement allowed                            the City to construct a                                 portion of the Great Rivers
         Greenway (GRG) trail within MoDOT right-of-way (ROW) under the 1-44 Bridge (funds provided
         through a grant) and maintain the same in the future.

         In review of the upcoming sign project, GRG has discussed with MoDOT the desire to add a
         vertical separation along the portion of the trail along Yarnell Road under the bridge due to safety
         concerns. MoDOT has agreed to allow for the separation to be constructed in the ROW but has
         indicated             that MoDOT will                             not maintain the                        separation               once          installed.            At this           time, GRG is
        requesting that the                          City consider future                            maintenance                  of the          vertical           separation              under the              City's
        existing agreement with MoDOT authorized under Ordinance 3070. Information provided by GRG
        regarding the request was available for review.

        Public           Works             Director             Dan         Howard              expressed                that       Yarnell            Road           is    outside City of Fenton
        jurisdiction, it is MoDOT decision for allowances. MoDOT relocated the path from the far side of
        the pillars to the current location along the roadway. MoDOT has stated they will not relocate the
        path back as they need access to the pillars for maintenance. Ms. Gutierrez stated this is a request of
        MoDOT,                 the       City        will       maintain              as     in     the      existing agreement                            and       GRG           will       coordinate with
        MoDOT and install improvement. Mayor Maurath inquired who would be responsible for incidents
        as this appears to be a pedestrian safety concern. City Attorney Erin Seele shared typically the
        person who owns the property, however there may be City exposure due to agreement.

        Alderman Huels made a motion to continue to the August Board of Aldermen Committee meeting
        the request by Great Rivers Greenway for future maintenance of a vertical separation along Yarnell
        Road under the 1-44 Bridge. The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a vote being
        taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

■       Request to apply for the Municipal Park Grant Commission Planning Grant for a Master
        Plan for the Bud Weil Park Annex.
        As recommended by the Parks and Recreation Committee and approved by the Board in April,
        Staff has researched applying for a Planning Grant through the Municipal Park Grant Commission
        for a Master Plan for the Bud Weil Annex Property.

        Staff found that in order to apply for the grant, the City must select a planning firm to provide
        planning services to develop the Master Plan as a quote for such services must be included in the
        grant application.

        In May the City advertised a Request for Proposal for Planning Services. In June and July the Parks
        and Recreation Committee reviewed the proposals and recommended the                                                                                                      Board select Planning
        Design Studio to provide the needed planning services. The Board approved that recommendation
                              11
       on July 13               '.

                                                                                                           s
                                                                            Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                                               August I 0, 2023

      Staff contacted Planning Design Studio to provide a scope of services that can be completed with
      the funding available through the grant. As a reminder, the application for the grant is revolving
      throughout the year (no deadline); however, the maximum funding available per project is $10,000,
      with the City providing a minimum 20% cost-share.

      A copy of the proposal from Planning Design Studio at a cost of $12,500 was available for review.
      The grant will cover $10,000 of the cost and the City will pay (cost share) the remaining $2,500.
      The City's cost share can be funded under the Parks and Stormwater Fund.

      At this time, Staff is seeking approval to apply for the Planning Grant through the Municipal Parks
      Grant Commission for a total of $12,500 ($10,000 grant funds and $2,500 City cost share) for a
      Master Plan for Bud Weil Annex. If approved, the City will then need to enter into an agreement
      with Planning Design Studio to provide the needed planning services.

      Mayor Maurath asked                 if it is a     requirement to          have public input to             be eligible for the grant.
      Alderman Huels replied yes.

      Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve the request to apply for the Municipal Park Grant
      Commission Planning Grant for a Master Plan for the Bud Weil Park Annex. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Cruts. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the
      Board of Aldermen.

•     Consideration of an               amendment to the agreement with GameTime Tournaments for                                                 field
      rentals in Fenton City Park.
      GameTime Tournaments has requested to utilize Fields                                  I, 2, and 3 in Fenton City Park for the
      spring of 2024, including operations of the concession stand during the use of the fields. The usage
      will be an extension of the Tournaments they host at the Fenton Sports Complex. The rental would
      be for all weekends, Saturdays and Sundays, from April - June 2024. If agreed upon by the City, a
      rate of $935 would be paid by GameTime per weekend plus 8% of concession sales from the park
      concession stand, same as the agreement at the Fenton Sports Complex. Maintenance would still be
      performed by the Public Works Department.

      Mayor Maurath noted that the City does not see much activity during the weekends. Public Works
      Director Dan Howard confirmed this would not interfere with any of the City's current operations.
      Alderman Maserang inquired if pitching mounds will be needed for baseball usage. Public Works
      Director Dan Howard stated GameTime will provide their own pitching mounds.

     Alderman Wisbrock shared he was in favor of GameTime being financially committed to expense
     for all weekends from April- June 2024, less rain outs.

     Alderman Huels made a motion to continue to the August Board of Aldermen Committee meeting
     the amendment to the agreement with GameTime Tournaments for field                                               rentals in Fenton City
     Park. The motion was seconded by Alderman Harrell. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed
     unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

•    Discussion regarding a permanent structure for the band stage in Fenton City Park.
     Alderman          Bereitschaft        after    reviewing        cost     expenditures         for   tent     rental,    he    is   suggesting
     consideration of a permanent structure in lieu of rental. Alderman Wisbrock inquired on purchasing
     and installing tent in spring and removing in fall.

     Alderman         Clauss suggested consideration of shade sails.                            Public     Works      Director      Dan     Howard
     shared that he has been researching and is in favor of shade sails. They are aesthetically pleasing,
     easy to install and remove, and provide shade.

                                                                        6
                                                   Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting
                                                                August 10, 2023

            Aldennan Huels made a motion to approve Staff research permanent options as discussed for a
            pennanent structure for the band stage in Fenton City Park. The motion was seconded by Alderman
            Bereitschaft. Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.
HEALTH AND SAFETY -Aid Jokerst, Chairman (Cruts,                                          Wisbrock, Clauss)
•     Consideration of amendments to Chapter 215, Nuisances, of the City's Municipal Code.
      A   proposed        copy of the minor amendments to certain sections of Chapter 215, Nuisances, of the
      Municipal Code was available for review. Many of the amendments are to ensure that the City's Code
      mirrors State Statute.
      Discussion ensued regarding adding verbiage that nuisances are as detennined by the Code Official.
      Aldennan Clauss made a motion to forward to the August Board of Aldermen meeting the amendments
      to Chapter 215, Nuisances, of the City's Municipal Code. The motion was seconded by Alderman Cruts.
      Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed unanimously by the Committee.
MISCELLANEOUS
There were no items for discussion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
There was no executive session held.
ADJOURNMENT
At 7:57 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Alderman Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion
was seconded by Aldennan Maserang. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.










                                                                             7
                                                         Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting
                                                                     August I 0, 2023
