
                                      CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                         625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
           MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN COMMITTEE MEETING
                                       THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2023
                                                    7:00 P.M.
CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis
County, Missouri to order at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, October 5, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton
City Hall and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance
ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:
     Aldennan Terry Bereitschaft - Present           Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
     Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                  Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present
     Alderman Robin Huels - Present                  Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
     Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                  Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present
Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.
CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard via Zoom Videoconference
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson
Mayor Maurath recognized Deb Abbott, member of Planning and Zoning Commission and Mike
Abbott, member of Parks and Recreation Committee were in attendance of the meeting.








                                              Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                        October S, 2023

MAYOR'S COMMENTS
             Mayor Maurath shared food truck event went fairly well and he wants to see more.

                                                                                                                                                              th
             Mayor Maurath shared this Saturday, October 7                                                                                                          at 9:00 a.m. volunteers will be meeting in Olde Town
            for Arbor Day tree planting.

            Mayor Maurath shared that four (4) bronze plaques were stolen from the Heroes Memorial. Anyone
            with information please contact the police department.

PUBLIC COMMENTS
            There were no public comments.

POLICE/MUNICIPAL COURTS -Aid Clauss, Chairman (Cruts, Harrell, Jokerst)
❖ Discussion regarding renewal for Flock Cameras.
            Currently the City has an agreement with Flock Group, Inc. for a total of twenty-one (21) License Plate
            Readers in the City, as approved by Ordinance 4083 and amended by Ordinances 4108, 4198, 4215,
            and 4302.

            Staffcontacted Flock in advance of the last flock renewal in March of2023 to verify if the next renewal
           term would be at the same cost as the 2022 term. Per Flock at that time, renewal for another one-year
            term for the twenty-one (21) LPRs would be at the same cost as 2022 at $2,500 per camera, for a total
           of $52,500, but it was noted that at that time that the rates would increase to $3,000 at the next renewal
           (2024). At that time, Flock offered the City the option to lock in the $2,500 with a 5-year renewal, but
           the City opted to wait until closer to the next term to make that decision.

                                                                                                                                                                                  I
            (Note: In February of2023, the Board also approved Ordinances 4301 to renew the agreement with
           the Gravois Bluffs TDD and Flock for Licenses Plate Readers for another one-year term.)

           Last week Staff was contacted by Flock stating that they are again offering a 5-year renewal at the
           existing $2,500 cost per camera and any future cameras purchased during the 5-year term through the
           end of 2023. They also stated that the City could opt for a 5-year renewal at $2,500 per camera, without
           the price lock for new cameras, through June 30, 2024. If the City does not want to enter into a 5-year
           agreement, the price for the cameras in 2024 will be $3,000 each or $63,000 total.

           Lisa Dunn, Flock Safety Sales Manager, clarified this would lock in $2,500 cost per camera if the Board
           would execute now for new five (5) year term agreement and includes option to add additional cameras
           by year end at same cost per camera if executed by December 31, 2023. Or the Board can wait until the
          current agreement is up for renewal discussions in March; if the agreement is five (5) years the cost
           will stay at $2,500 per camera, but if additional cameras are added the cost of the new camera will be
           $3,000 per camera. However, if the agreement is less than five (5) years at renewal the cost per camera
          will increase to $3,000.

          Alderman Cruts inquired if a new five (5) year agreement is executed could the number of cameras be
          reduced and cost remain at $2,500 per camera, in consideration of agreement with Gravois Bluffs TDD
          that reimburses expense of ten ( I 0) cameras. Ms. Dunn replied no, the numbers of cameras cannot be
          reduced; however, an agreement could be two (2) separate agreements with concerns of Gravois Bluffs
          TDD termination during the five (5) year term but noted the price of the cameras not under the 5-year
          agreement would increase.

          Alderman Wisbrock inquired if there was a standard out in agreement. City Attorney Erin Seele replied
          the City signed their contract - however if there is                                                                                                                     a multi-year appropriation term that could be

                                                                                                                                                                               2
                                                                                                                                   Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                                                               October 5, 2023

      implemented into the five (5) year agreement. Ms. Flock shared a redline version would need to be
      submitted for their legal review.

      Alderman Maserang asked Captain Lawson if Flock cameras have assisted in investigations. Captain
      Lawson replied Flock have assisted in investigations, however he cannot recommend signing a five (5)
      year agreement due to always evolving technology. Captain Lawson noted that he is inquiring what
      systems other municipalities/agencies are utilizing.

      City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner asked the Board if they were considering adding additional cameras
      this year, if not the consideration of term length can be revisited at the renewal discussions in March.
      After discussion, there was not a desire to add additional cameras at this time.

      Discussion ensued regarding the concern of locking the City in for five (5) years without knowing if
      technology would change.

      Alderman Maserang inquired if upgrades and updates were an additional cost. Ms. Dunn replied
      updates to the software are ongoing and part of the agreement. If the replacement of camera is needed
      and covered under the terms and conditions, Flock subscription model will replace with same or
      upgraded camera. Alderman Clauss confirmed that the City does have to pay for that replacement
      camera and Ms. Dunn responded yes.

      Ms. Dunn shared they are seeing other agencies either adding camaras and/or signing five (5) year
     agreements that utilize Flock camera systems, mainly due to large networking and stated she could get
     that list to the City.

     Following discussion, Alderman Clauss made a motion to forward to the October Board of Aldermen
     meeting the renewal for Flock Cameras. The motion was seconded by Alderman Cruts.

     Alderman Cruts rescinded his second. Alderman Clauss rescinded her first.

     Alderman Clauss suggested the topic be continued to the renewal discussions in March. There were no
     objections.

❖ Consideration ofa request to amend Schedule IV One-Way Streets and Alleys of the Municipal
     Code to include Goode Drive.
     Over the past few years, the City and the St. Louis County Police Department have received numerous
     complaints about excessive cut through traffic on Goode Drive. The cut through traffic is primarily an
     issue during the morning rush hour, from around 6:00 a.m. to around 8:00 p.m. Residents along the
     street have concerns regarding cars driving at a high rate of speed, considering the pavement width is
     only ten feet (l 0') wide.

     Although the street has a sign indicating "local traffic only", enforcement of "local traffic" is difficult.
     In conversation with a couple of police officers, it was suggested to limit the street to one-way traffic.
     The one-way traffic would be delineated for traffic flow from Water Street southwest to Church Street.
     With the majority of traffic in the morning traveling northeast on Goode Drive, attempting to beat
     traffic traveling through the Olde Towne area, the one-way roadway would give the police more ability
     to enforce the restricted traffic flow on Goode Drive.

     If approved,         Schedule IV One-Way Streets and Alleys of the                                Municipal Code would need to be
     amended to include Goode Drive. Also, the Public Works Department would install "Do Not Enter"
     and "One Way" signs at the intersection ofGoode Drive and Church Street along with a sign indicating

                                                                                     3
                                                                Board ofAldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                             October 5, 2023

           "No Cut Through" to Water Street at the intersection of Church Street and Main Street. "One-Way"
           signs would also be placed at the intersection of Goode Drive at Water Street.

           Alderman Cruts and Alderman Jokerst shared they would like to have the affected residents' input on
           the consideration before moving forward with request.

           Captain Lawson shared this request has been brought forward as result of complaints received from
           residents in that neighborhood and the local traffic only sign is broad in definition to enforce. Public
           Works Director Dan Howard shared he has received complaints from three (3) ofthe four (4) residents
           that they are unable to get out oftheir driveways due to high volume of cut through traffic using Goode
           Drive in the mornings. The road is only ten feet (1 0') wide which does not allow cars the ability to pass
           each other.

           Marlin Mackley, 509 Main Street, Fenton MO expressed he is in favor of one-way street, morning
           traffic is heavy heading to Larkin Williams (the River Road), and he has had conversations with
           residents on that street about the traffic issues. He further shared a con would be vehicles driving the
           wrong way as he sometimes observes on Ferry Street.

           Mayor Maurath inquired if Goode Drive is a sanctioned City street. Public Works Director Dan Howard
           shared it is not within the terms however it is City property.

          Captain Lawson shared if the drive is made one-way it would give police the ability to enforce the
           restricted traffic flow and noted, if approved, warnings could be issued during grace period of the
           implementation.

          City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared a possible consideration could be to amend Section 340.290;
           redefining vehicles prohibited from using streets designated for local traffic only.

          Alderman Jokerst suggested that Mr. Mackley speak with the residents regarding consideration of one-
          way street on Goode Drive, so that residents can gather thoughts for discussion.

          After discussion,                             Alderman                   Clauss suggested to continue                                                 to the November Board of Aldermen
          Committee meeting to allow Staff to gather more information and communicate with Goode Drive and
          Dalton Hill residents. There were no objections.

Alderman Bereitschaft made a motion to move Community Development and Affairs topic next on the
agenda. The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced
that the motion was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldermen.

COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND                                                                                  AFFAIRS - Aid Bereitschaft,                                                     Chairman (Harrell,                                  Clauss,
Maserang)
❖ Consideration of proposals for a new monument sign in front of City Hall.
                                             th
          At the July 13                          Committee Meeting, the Community Development and Affairs Committee approved
          Staff seeking proposals for a new, non-digital sign for City Hall via a Request for Proposals (RFP). The
                                                                                                                                                                                                               11
          RFP was advertised in late July and the deadline for submittals was on August l 7                                                                                                                      1.

         Although ten (IO) companies requested a copy of the RFP, only two (2) proposals were received from
         Warren Sign Company and Piros Signs.

                                                                     1
         During the September 7                                       "   Committee Meeting, the                                         Board            reviewed the proposals and a motion                                                          was
         approved to "continue to the October Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting the proposal from Warren

                                                                                                                                           4
                                                                                                         Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                              October 5, 2023

          Sign Company for a monument sign in front of City Hall with standoff lettering, acrylic, interior back
          lighting and gather additional information regarding warranty".

         An email response from Warren Sign Company including a proposed aesthetic change and further
         details regarding illumination was available for review. Also, a revised proposal/cost for the sign that
          includes warranty information.

          Steve Behrens, Warren Sign Company, was in attendance of the meeting to answer questions. Mr.
         Behrens shared the cost decreased due to the lighting required with revision with standoff lettering,
         acrylic, interior back lighting and noted background color changed to the top to reflect lighting better
         option.

         There was discussion of adding complete street address with street name or eliminating street numbers
         and keeping only the logo for a cleaner look to the base.

         Mayor Maurath stated his biggest concern was visibility and asked whether the sign would be visible
         from 141.               Steve Behrens replied, yes.

         Following discussion, Alderman Bereitschaft made a                                                                          motion to forward                           to the October Board of
         Aldermen meeting the new revised monument sign in front of City Hall with removal of street numbers.
         The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced
         that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

PERSONNEL -Aid. Huels, Chairman (Cruts, Wisbrock, Jokers!)
❖ Discussion regarding Annual Performance Evaluations.
         Existing categories were reviewed for consistency and conciseness - hopefully creating a more user-
                                                                                                                                                     th
         friendly form. Additionally, based on comments at the August 7                                                                                  Committee Meeting, the category of
         "Exceeds               Expectations"                     has       been         removed               for review and                       consideration.                    Proposed               performance
        evaluations were available for review.

         Alderman Jokerst suggested removing "as determined by the Board of Aldermen" from the policy 2(b)
        for a cleaner reading. There were no objections.

         Alderman Jokerst feels all comment boxes need to be completed on evaluations. City Administrator
        Nikki Finkbiner shared policy requires comments only if employee is not meeting expectations.

        Aldennan Cruts shared he feels supervisors need to be instructed to                                                                                             note when an employee has
        exceeded expectations for their employee file and can be noted on evaluation.

        Mayor Maurath shared he feels the numbers need to be eliminated as it has not served to process well
        in the past. He feels Department Heads need to note ifan employee exceeds expectations, but they need
        to only determine if an employee is eligible or not eligible for an across-the-board increase.

        Alderman Clauss shared she feels not all areas warrant an exceeds expectations, but some do, but to
        warrant an exceeds expectations rating it must be done consistently. She feels it is not fair for an
        employee who meets expectations to receive the same increase as an employee who consistently
        exceeds.

        Alderman Jokerst shared she is not sure she wants to eliminate numbers for guide/range for increases.
        Alderman Wisbrock shared he feels Department Heads could be educated further on how to complete
        the form.

                                                                                                                              5
                                                                                              Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                  October 5, 2023

           Following discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to forward to the October Board of Aldermen
           meeting the Annual Performance Evaluations as proposed. The motion was seconded by Alderman
           Jokerst. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by
           the Committee.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               st
           City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared to allow Staff time to complete evaluations by October 31                                                                                                                                     as
           required per the Personnel Manual, a decision needs to be made.

           Following further discussion, Alderman Huels made a motion to open the topic to the full Board. The
           motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the
          motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

          Alderman Huels made a final motion to approve the Annual Performance Evaluations as proposed. The
          motion was seconded by Alderman Jokerst.

          Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

                             Alderman Bereitschaft                                              Aye                                   Alderman Clauss
                                                                                                                                                                                               Nay
                             Alderman Cruts                                                     Aye                                   Alderman Huels                                           Aye .
                             Alderman Wisbrock                                                  Aye                                   Alderman Maserang
                                                                                                                                                                                               Aye
                             Alderman Harrell                                                   Aye                                   Alderman Jokerst                                        Aye

It was announced that the motion was passed by the Board of Aldermen.

CAPITAL IMPROVEMENTS -Aid. Maserang, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Harrell, Huels)
          There were no items for discussion.

PUBLIC WORKS/FORESTRY -Aid. Wisbrock, Chairman (Bereitschaft, Clauss, Maserang)
❖ Consideration of bids for 2024 Grass Mowing Services.
         As requested by the Board, the City advertised for bids for the 2024 Grass Mowing Services contract
         on August 14, 2023. The City sent fourteen (14) bid notices to prospective companies. A mandatory
         pre-bid meeting was held on August 31, 2023 at City Hall where six (6) prospective bidders were in
                                                                                                                                          th
         attendance. The bid opening was held on September 7                                                                                   at l 0:00 a.m. Two (2) companies, Top Care
         and Surecut Landscaping, submitted                                                          bids for             consideration for the 2024 Grass Mowing Services
         Contract.                Top Care was the low bidder.                                            Submitted bids along with the current contract bid from Top
         Care were available for review.

         Public Works Director Dan Howard shared he has had good communication and responsive service
         from Top Care and recommends contracting with Top Care. The current contract renews in December
         2023. Public Works Director Dan Howard further noted the City has the ability to eliminate parcels as
         needed within the contract.

         Following discussion, Alderman Wisbrock made a motion to continue to the November Board of
         Aldermen                  Committee meeting the 2024 Grass                                                            Mowing                Services.               The         motion              was         seconded                by
         Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
         unanimously by the Committee.

❖ Consideration of a bid to rebuild the retaining wall on Gravois Road.
         Staff has been working to obtain bids, per direction of the Board, for repair of the damaged retaining
        wall on Gravois Road. Numerous attempts have been made to obtain at least three (3) bids for a large

                                                                                                                                      6
                                                                                                     Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                                                                         October 5, 2023

       block, Versa Lock style wall system. Staff at this point has only received one ( l) bid although four ( 4)
       companies have been contacted to get a quote.

       Due to the time of year and the need to have this completed prior to winter, it is requested to move
       forward with the bid submitted and available for review by Tony's Concrete for $15,500. Considering
       the work involved, including replacement of the retaining wall and adding additional height to the curb
       located behind the wall, Staff feels the bid is in line.

       Public Works Director Dan Howard shared he has worked with this company on other non-retaining
       wall projects in the City and had no concerns with their quality of work.

       City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner suggested a small Public Works project contract be utilized.

       Mayor Maurath asked Public Works Director Dan Howard if he was comfortable with flat rate bid vs
       breakdown         of material         and    labor     bid.    Public     Works       Director       Dan Howard            stated     that   he    was
       comfortable with it.

       Public Works Director Dan Howard shared the property owner has stated that they would sign waiver
      allowing the work to be completed.

       Following discussion,              Alderman         Wisbrock         made      a motion        to   forward      to the      October Board           of
      Aldermen meeting the rebuild of the retaining wall on Gravois Road with Tony's Concrete for $15,500
      and waive the bidding requirements. The motion was seconded by Alderman Clauss. Upon a voice vote
       being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

INFORMATION SERVICES - Aid Harrell, Chairman (Bereitschafi, Huels, Maserang)
❖ Consideration of a renewal increase for the City's accounting software.
      On December 21, 1998, the City approved Ordinance No. 2213 approving an agreement with SunGard
      Pentamation Government Systems (now Superion, LLC/Central Square Technologies) relating to
      computer hardware and software for the licensing, support and maintenance of the City's accounting
      software. The City also approved an upgrade to the accounting software through SunGard on July 28,
      2016 via Ordinance 3615.

      The 2024 annual renewal fee for the program at $21,797.00 has increased $1,466.64 from the 2023
      renewal fee of $20,330.36. At this time, Staff is requesting approval for hardware and software support
      and maintenance for the City's financial software in accordance with the terms and procedures of the
      agreement between the City and SunGard Public Sector for software license, sale and installation of
      equipment and support and maintenance services. If approved, this item will be included in the 2024
      Budget under Finance Acct# 10110-57852 Software Maintenance.

      Following discussion, Alderman Harrell made a motion to forward to the October Board of Aldermen
      meeting the renewal increase for the City's accounting software with SunGard as proposed. The motion
      was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the
      motion was passed unanimously by the Committee.

MISCELLANEOUS
❖ Consideration of a request from St. Paul's Catholic School for a walk-a-thon on October 31, 2023.
      St. Paul Catholic School is requesting, as they have in past years, Police assistance and road closure of
      Forest Knoll Drive, New Smizer Mill Road, Woodway Drive to Woodway Circle for the duration of
      the walk-a-thon on Tuesday, October 31, 2023, from 12:45 p.m. - 1:45 p.m.

                                                                                      7
                                                                 Board of Aldermen Committee Meeting,
                                                                              October 5, 2023

       Following discussion, Alderman Cruts made a final motion to approve request from St. Paul's Catholic
       School for a walk-a-thon on October 3 1, 2023 as proposed. The motion was seconded by Alderman
       Bereitschaft. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed unanimously
       by the Board of Aldermen.
❖ Consideration of a new liquor license for S&H Spirit, Inc. d/b/a Fenton Liquor and Tobacco.
      The below applicant has submitted all needed documentation and has met the qualifications of Section
      600.055.
      S&H Spirit, Inc. d/b/a Fenton Liquor and Tobacco, 645 Gravois Road, Fenton MO 63026 has made a
      new application for a liquor license with the City of Fenton for Package Liquor and Package Liquor
      Sunday Sales.
      This approval will be contingent on receiving their Occupancy Pennit.
      Following discussion, Alderman Clauss made a final motion to approve new liquor license for S&H
      Spirit,    Inc. d/b/a Fenton Liquor and Tobacco                           contingent on Occupancy Permit. The motion                               was
      seconded by Aldennan Cruts. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was
      passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
There was no executive session held.
ADJOURNMENT
At 8:50 p.m. with no other business before the Board, Aldennan Huels made a motion to adjourn. The motion
was seconded by Alderman Bereitschaft. Upon a voice vote being taken, it was announced that the motion
was passed unanimously by the Board of Aldennen.
                I . submitted,

                er
City of Fenton







                                                                                      8
                                                                Board of Aldennen Committee Meeting,
                                                                              October 5, 2023
