
                                           CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                            625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
              MINUTES OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN
                                          THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2023
                                                         6:45 P.M.

CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Board of Aldennen               Special Meeting of the City of Fenton, St.          Louis County,
Missouri to order at 6:45 p.m. on Thursday, October 12, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and
via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:

         Aldennan Ralph Cruts - Present                   Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
         Alderman Terry Bereitschaft- Present             Alderman Robin Huels - Present
         Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present                Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
         Aldennan Ron Harrell - Present                   Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present

Eight Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.

CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard via Zoom Videoconference
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson

Mayor Maurath stated that he called this Special Meeting for:
•   Discussion regarding         a cost share agreement with the Missouri Department of Conservation
    (MDC) for a street tree and park tree inventory and an agreement with Davey Resource Group,
    Inc. to conduct the inventory.
    As approved by the Board in June of 2023, Staff applied for funding through the MDC Community
    Forestry Cost Share Program to perform a Street Tree and Park Tree Inventory. Per MDC, a quote from
    a professional urban tree inventory contractor to perform the service was required to be submitted with
    the application. MDC also suggested that the City cap the request for funding at $25,000.

    In order to     obtain   the required    quote,   Staff solicited   quotes    from   four (4)   urban   tree inventory
    contractors from a list of contractors serving the area, as provided by MDC. These contractors were
    selected by Staff as they are also able to        provide a GIS/GPS database from           the survey for the City's
    future use.

    One   (1) contractor,    Skip Kincaid     (Hansens),   who    performed the     City's 2007    Street Tree    Inventory
    declined to quote stating the project "isn't really in our wheelhouse" right now.                 The other three (3)
    contractors, Davey Resource Group, Plan-It Geo, and ArborPro submitted quotes, as follows:

    Cost per Tree:
         Plan It Geo - $5.00/tree for 3,200 trees. Per the City's calculation of the 2007 Street Tree Inventory
         and 2008 Park Tree Inventory, the City has approximately 4,500 public trees to be surveyed. Staff
         reached out to Plan It Geo for a revised estimate and they stated the cost of $5/per tree remains the
         same up to 10,000 trees. Per this information, the total cost for up to 4,500 trees is $22,500 without
        any additional add-ons.

                                               Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                      October 12, 2023

                         Davey Resource Group - $4.49/per tree up to 4,500 trees ($20,200), plus $4.50 for any additional
                         trees, plus a Management Plan for $4,000. The Management Plan includes a list of high priority
                                                                     st
                         trees for the 1                                  year and a 5-year tree management plan. The total cost for 4,500 trees with a
                         Management Plan is $24,200. It is noted that Davey Resource Group performed the City's 2008
                         Park Tree Inventory Plan and they are a local (St. Louis) company.

                         ArborPro - $5.45/per tree up to 4,500 trees ($24,525), plus a Management Plan for $3,500 - $5,700
                        - depending on the tier selected. The Management Plan includes a Community Outreach, Strategic
                         Planning, Budget and Work Plans, review of City Tree Ordinances, Storm Response Plans, etc.,
                         based on the level of Management Plan selected. The base cost for 4,500 trees is $24,525 without a
                         Management Plan.

             GIS Data:
                         All contractors provide GIS/GPS Data that can be utilized in the City's existing GIS System.

             Based on the above information, Staff submitted the quote from Davey Resource Group to apply for
             funding through MDC.

            On July 31, 2023, Staff was informed that the City was selected to receive funding through the MDC
            Community                              Forestry                   Cost Share                           Program                      to       perform                    a      Street Tree                          and           Park             Tree             Inventory.                       In
             discussion                       with           MDC,                  it was               noted              that the                  City           could               utilize the City's                                   Tree            Services Contractor
            (Gateway Tree) to perform stump removal of public trees for the City's in-kind match - and that the
            City was also eligible to receive a 75% match (in lieu of 50%) as we are restoring the City's Tree City
            USA status. Based on this information, the awarded funds from MDC will be $24,200 (the grant max is
            $25,000), which will cover the cost of the inventory, and the City's match can be $9,900 (more than
            needed for the match) paid to Gateway Tree to remove 146 stumps in the City's rights of way (ROW).
            These services through Gateway were already scheduled/budgeted for removal under the City's existing
            Tree Services Contract with Gateway Tree.

            It is further noted that the City's Bidding and Procurement requirements state that any product/service
            over $15,000 require formal bidding, unless waived by the Board of Aldermen. As this process takes
            approximately 30-45 days to complete and time is of the essence once the grant is awarded, Staff is
            requesting that the Board waive the formal bidding requirements to select Davey Resource Group to
            perform the City Tree Inventory at a cost of $24,200.

            Mayor Maurath asked what areas would be covered and what services it includes. City Administrator
           Nikki Finkbiner replied City parks and City rights of way, and noted that heavily wood areas are not
            included in the plan. This service would create a tree inventory database of dying, diseased and invasive
                                                                                                                                                   nd                        rd
            trees,            a study for                         tree         replacement,                            and          1•t,       2       ,    and          3         level            priority                plan of removal                                    for        budgeting
            purposes.

•           Consideration                                  of Bill                 23-87:                  An           Ordinance                           authorizing                             the          Mayor                    to        execute                    a      cost           share
           agreement                            with              the          Missouri                       Department                               of Conservation                                        for          a       street tree                          and             park              tree
           inventory and an agreement with Davey Resource Group, Inc. to conduct the inventory.
           Sponsor: Huels

           Alderman Huels desired first reading of Bill No. 23-87. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one time
           by title only.

           Alderman Huels made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading. The motion was
           seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
           unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-87 for a second time by
          title only.

          Alderman Huels made a motion that Bill No. 23-87 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4375. The motion was
          seconded by Alderman Jokerst.
                                                                                                                                                         2
                                                                                                                     Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                                                                                                      October 12, 2023

      Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldennen voted as follows:
           Aldennan Bereitschaft             Aye                   Aldennan Clauss                   Aye
           Aldennan Cruts                    Aye                   Alderman Huels                    Aye
           Aldennan Wisbrock                 Aye                   Aldennan Maserang                 Aye
           Aldennan Harrell                  Aye                   Aldennan Jokerst                  Aye
It was announced that Bill No. 23-87 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become Ordinance No.
4375 when and if signed by the Mayor.
ADJOURNMENT
At 6:55 with no other business before the Board, Alderman Cruts made a motion that the meeting be adjourned.
The motion was seconded by Alderman Maserang.                        Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed.








                                                                        3
                                                       Board of Aldermen Special Meeting
                                                               October 12, 2023
