
                                           CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                            625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
              MINUTES OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN
                                          THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2023
                                                         6:45 P.M.

CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the         Board of Aldennen Special Meeting of the City of Fenton, St.                Louis County,
Missouri to order at 6:45 p.m. on Thursday, November 2, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall and
via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE - Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:

         Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                   Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
         Aldennan Terry Bereitschaft - Absent             Alderman Robin Huels - Present
         Aldennan Brian Wisbrock - Present                Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
         Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                   Alderman Susan Jokerst - Present

Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.

CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Attorney Erin Seele, Esq.
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
City Clerk Jane Hungler
Public Works Director Dan Howard
St. Louis County Police Captain Kevin Lawson

Mayor Maurath stated that he called this Special Meeting for:
•   Discussion regarding a cost share agreement for the Community Conservation Assistance Program
    with   the Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC)                     for invasive species removal and            turf
    renovation in Fabick Nature Preserve.
    As recommended by the Parks and Recreation Committee and approved by the Board, Staff applied for
    invasive species removal in the Fabick Nature Preserve under the Missouri Department of Conservation
    (MDC) Community Conservation Assistance Program.

    As a reminder, the application for the grant is revolving throughout the year (no deadline); however, the
    maximum funding available per project is $49,000, with the City providing a minimum 50% cost-share.
    Note: Per MDC it is preferrable to request less than $25,000 so that more projects can be funded

    In order to apply for the grant, the City had to have a cost estimate for the overall scope of work to be
    completed.

    Based on the above, Staff met with a certified arborist/contractor (Native Landscape Solutions) that has
    worked on such projects with the MDC and assisted the City in developing a plan to provide a cost
    estimate to complete the work in the fall of 2023 and winter/early spring of 2024.

    The plan that was developed by Native Landscape Solutions and submitted with the application to
    MDC for consideration as well as the cost share agreement with MDC was available for review.

    Alderman Jokerst expressed she feels this is a good idea to assist in honeysuckle removal.


                                               Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                     November 2, 2023

       City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained that time is the essence for this project because now is
       the time of year to spray honeysuckle.

       Mayor Maurath stated for the record that he wanted to acknowledge and thank all the volunteer groups
       that have volunteered their time in the past for honeysuckle removal as it is tedious hard work and feels
       this will speed up the removal process.

•      Consideration            of Bill      23-95:      An    Ordinance           authorizing         the    Mayor        to   execute       a   cost    share
       agreement with the Missouri Department of Conservation for invasive species removal and turf
       renovation in Fabick Nature Preserve and an agreement with Native Landscape Solutions Inc. to
       perform said services.
       Sponsor: Jokerst

       Alderman Jokerst desired first reading of Bill No. 23-95. City Attorney Erin Seele read the Bill one
       time by title only.

      Alderman Jokerst made a motion to seek a waiver of the rules for a second reading.                                                  The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Wisbrock. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced that the motion was passed
      unanimously by the Board of Aldermen. City Attorney Erin Seele read Bill No. 23-95 for a second time by
      title only.

      Alderman Jokerst made a motion that Bill No. 23-95 be enacted as Ordinance No. 4383. The motion was
      seconded by Alderman Clauss.

      Upon the roll being called, the Board of Aldermen voted as follows:

            Alderman Bereitschaft                Absent                   Alderman Clauss
                                                                                                              Aye
            Alderman Cruts                       Aye
                                                                          Alderman Huels                      Aye
            Alderman Wisbrock                    Aye                      Alderman Maserang
                                                                                                              Aye
            Alderman Harrell                     Aye                      Alderman Jokerst
                                                                                                              Aye
It was announced that Bill No. 23-87 was passed by the Board of Aldermen and would become Ordinance No.
4383 when and if signed by the Mayor.

ADJOURNMENT
At 6:51      with no other business before the Board, Alderman Maserang made a motion that the meeting be
adjourned.       The motion was seconded by Alderman Wisbrock.                               Upon a vote being taken, the motion passed.



      of Fenton






                                                                                2
                                                            Board of Aldennen Special Meeting
                                                                    November 2, 2023
