
                                        CITY OF FENTON, MISSOURI
                           625 NEW SMIZER MILL ROAD, FENTON, MO 63026
                  MINUTES OF THE SPECIAL BOARD OF ALDERMEN MEETING
                                            PUBLIC HEARING BUDGET
                                         THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 2023
                                                        6:00 P.M.

CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Maurath called the Special Board of Aldermen Meeting of the City of Fenton, St. Louis County,
Missouri to order at 6:00 p.m. on Thursday, November 9, 2023. The meeting was held at Fenton City Hall
and via Zoom Videoconference (RSMo 610.015).

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE- Mayor Maurath led the Pledge of Allegiance.

ROLL CALL
City Clerk Jane Hungler called the roll:

          Alderman Ralph Cruts - Present                 Alderman Chris Clauss - Present
          Alderman Terry Bereitschaft - Present          Alderman Robin Huels - Present
          Alderman Brian Wisbrock - Present              Alderman Scott Maserang - Present
          Alderman Ron Harrell - Present                 Alderman Susan Jokerst -Absent

Seven Aldermen were present at the opening of the meeting.

CITY OFFICIALS PRESENT:
Mayor Joe Maurath
City Administrator Andrea N. Finkbiner
Public Works Director Dan Howard
Community Development Director Amy Starck
City Clerk Jane Hungler
St. Louis County Police Precinct Captain Kevin Lawson
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop

Mayor Maurath stated that this meeting was called to discuss the 2024 Budget.

DISCUSSION OF 2024 BUDGET
Alderman Cruts asked Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop to introduce and explain the proposed 2024
budget.

Financial Consultant Tammy          Alsop   expressed    budgets   were   based on    last year's activity with    known
changes and assumptions used were as follows:

I.   Utility taxes and intergovernmental (vehicle and cigarette taxes) were figured using the average of
    what the City has received for nine (9) months of 2023 and projecting for the remaining part of 2024.
    General fund sales tax was based on the County receiving the taxes over the base year therefore the
    City would receive the redistribution in 2024.
2. Proposition U sales tax (use tax), which the City started collecting in July 2023, was based on sales
    tax received in August 2023. Added new business license tax based on number of current businesses.

                                                       Budget Hearing
                                                     November 9, 2023

3.    Wages and benefits assumptions are as follows:
      a.   City was fully staffed;

      b.   Wage increases were estimated 4% for eligible employees;
      c.   Seven (7) employees will be at the maximum pay grade this year and will not receive full raise,
           however wages budgeted were not capped. This will need to be discussed by the Board.
      d.   2.5% rate for LAGERS (was 4.9% in 2023);
      e.   Health Insurance - I 0% increase for the last six (6) months of 2024;
      f.   Dental Insurance - 5% increase for the last five (5) months of 2024;
      g.   Life Insurance - 0% increase for 2024;
      h.   Long-Term Disability - 0% increase for 2024.
4.    Pay adjustments are included for the Public Works Department, per Board request on November 2,
      2023.

5.    Parks program revenues and program expenditures are based on programs that are expected to be
      offered in 2024.

6.    Like 2023, RiverChase will have no program revenues for 2024 and expenditures are for the YMCA
      management contract, insurance and building maintenance.
General Fund Overview
The General Funds Summary projected revenues of $7.9 million, expenditures of $6.25 million and a
transfer of $1.5      million   to the Capital Projects Fund, resulting in             a positive net change         of $140,000
leaving a net fund balance of$9.25 million.

Police Services
  •    General Fund includes $2.7 million - General Police Services, $9,099.72 - Municipal Division for
       court bailiff.
  •    Storm Water/ Parks Fund includes $128,988 - Parks Police Services for park officer and vehicle
       and $299,187.40 - Parks Police Service (10%).

Aldennan Wisbrock inquired on decrease of utility taxes. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop explained
revenue for utility tax was decreased as the 2023 budget reflected Charter settlement money.

Alderman Wisbrock inquired if the April 2024 Metropolitan Sewer District (MSD) ballot proposal for
rate increase would affect revenues or expenses if passed. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop shared if
passed, an adjustment may be needed.

Alderman       Bereitschaft     inquired     on    number      of   employees      in   City    Administration       Department
Expenditures. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop replied, two (2). Alderman Bereitschaft inquired how
many employees were in            Municipal Division Department Expenditures.                 Financial Consultant Tammy
Alsop replied, two (2).

Alderman Clauss asked on the proposed decrease in revenue for bond forfeitures on page 10. Financial
Consultant Tammy Alsop explained she based the amount on typical prior years.

Mayor Maurath asked for the record on the increase of expenses in the Finance Department Expenditures.
Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop explained the increase is due to a staffing change from one (1) full-
time and one ( 1) part-time employee to two (2) full-time employees.

                                                          Budget Hearing
                                                         November 9, 2023

Mayor      Maurath     asked    for the    record   on   the increase     of expenses      in the   Community        Development
Department. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop reminded the Board that half of one (I) of the Code
Enforcement salaries is reimbursed and it is reflected in miscellaneous revenue per agreement.

Storm Water/Parks Fund Overview
The Storm Water/ Parks Fund Summary projected revenues of $5 .4 million, expenditures of $3 .0 million,
and    a transfer of $2 million to Capital Projects Fund, resulting in                   a positive net change of $377,842
leaving a net fund balance of $8.8 million. Noting the restricted funds balance of $2 million.

Capital Projects Fund Overview
Financial     Consultant     Tammy      Alsop explained Capital           Grants    fluctuate   every year with        the varying
projects.

Capital Projects Fund Summary projected revenues of $1.8 million including grants, and expenditures of
$9.1 million breakdown of $4.5 million from General Funds, and $4.6 million from Storm Water / Parks
Funds,    with transfers of $2 million from             Storm Water /       Parks   Funds and $1 .5 million from           General
Funds, resulting in a negative net change of$3.8 million leaving a net fund balance of$793,350.

The list of projects budgeted for 2024 weas reviewed.

Alderman       Clauss    inquired   on   how the      reserve   capital   and   operational     bucket funds       in the   YMCA
agreement were funded. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner explained the buckets are filled as outlined in
agreement through the YMCA from surplus of contribution margin less expenditures and it is anticipated
to take five (5) years to fill the buckets.

Alderman Huels shared that Alderman Jokerst had requested discussion of capital project of $30,000
landscaping at City Hall. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner stated the project is still ongoing. Alderman
Jokerst further had inquired on why Park Master Plan project was still budgeted, she thought Board voted
to not do a park master plan. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner stated that is not true, the minutes will
verify.   Alderman Jokerst had inquired on Fenton Sports Complex back stop repair project of $30,000, is
it ongoing or earmarked funds for future project. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied it is both,
there have been       some repairs and more to            be completed, per agreement with GameTime.                     Alderman
Jokerst had inquired on Soccer Field Lighting project of $500,000, she thought this was voted down by
the Board. Alderman Jokerst had inquired on Heroes Memorial Redesign and Native planting project of
$5,000, is it ongoing and why does it have to be redesigned. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner replied,
Heroes     Memorial      Redesign     and   Native    planting    project    was   request    by the     Parks   and    Recreation
Committee.

Alderman Maserang shared he recalled Alderman Jokerst had requested information on available grants
for the Soccer Field Lighting project.             City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner shared Staff is                  researching
available grants.     Alderman Maserang expressed he feels                 if grants are available discussion of lighting
project could be revisited. Mayor Maurath inquired if the project was voted down. City Administrator
Nikki Finkbiner shared the Bill for Musco Field Lights did not pass and noted if requested by the Board,
the project could be removed from the Capital Projects budget.

Mayor Maurath shared he was not in favor of the soccer field lights, giving up a soccer field and will be
difficult to maintain. Alderman Wisbrock inquired how that related to giving up a soccer field. Mayor
Maurath stated it would not be available to Fenton residents as it would be utilized by outside groups and
feels the expense does not benefit Fenton residents, who would pay for the lights. If lights are installed it


                                                           Budget Hearing
                                                          November 9, 2023

encourages a constant barrage of play on the soccer fields. Is that what City wants to do with the City
parks?

Aldennan Maserang shared the bid received was for approximately $330,000 not $500,000 and noted that
currently the soccer fields are not utilized at night as they are not lit and dark. He feels lighted fields are in
high demand and would not have problems renting them if they were lit. If the fields were not rented the
lights would not be on. The people renting the fields would pay for the lights. Alderman Maserang shared
the softball fields are lit and there are no problems with fields being rented with lighting. Public Works
Director Dan         Howard      stated currently there          is one (l) soccer field          with    lights at the      Fenton Sports
Complex that is rented from 5-9 p.m. every night. Other organizations have called trying to reserve the lit
field;   however,       it is booked out.        He further      shared there are four (4) organizations that would                      have
utilized the soccer fields if they were lit.

Aldennan Cruts inquired how much is                      the rental fee      for lit soccer field.       Public Works Director Dan
Howard rep Iied $25 per hour for field                  rental and $10 per hour for lighting.               He further shared that St.
Louis Scott Gallagher - Club Soccer and St. Paul's Association currently rent the lit soccer field almost
year-round for four ( 4) hours per night. Aldennan Clauss asked if St. Paul's received a discount on that
field. Public Works Director Dan Howard replied no - not the lit field.

Mayor Maurath           stated    he   feels   the   soccer fields      are   not   in good     shape,     there   is no    irrigation,    and
continuous play on them if they were lit would increase the wear on the fields. He feels the rental fee
would not recoup the cost of installing lights, there has not been an analysis. Alderman Maserang shared
typical seasonal use of soccer field for leagues is fall and they would not be utilized during growing
season. Alderman Maserang stated if the only reason the City has parks is to make money, the parks
should be closed as the City does not make money from                             parks, they are a service for the community.
Discussion ensued on increase of rates for rental if approved.

Aldennan Clauss shared the City provides leaf pick up, yard waste, trash pick-up, and snow removal to
residents at no cost to the residents nor do they make money for the City. She feels this is a service
provided with no anticipation to make money.

Alderman Bereitschaft voiced if approved he feels operational costs should be within fees for recoupment
for the lighting.

Aldennan Maserang and Aldennan Huels voiced they feel if there is grant money available the project
should remain in the Capital budget.

Mayor Maurath shared he feels                 the Capital      project for     FSC     LED lighting for         $1,500,000       is not   cost
effective. Public Works Director Dan Howard shared the project is mainly for connect link in the lighting
system for ability for control from off-site. He has recently found out the current system can be connected
to the link and inquiring about quotes.

Aldennan Cruts shared he thought the pay adjustments for Public Works were not approved and inquired
why they were in the budget. Mayor Maurath stated he had reviewed draft minutes, and it was motioned
and approved for the adjustments to be in the 2024 budget.

Mayor Maurath asked Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop how she arrived at the four percent (4%) for
wage increases. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop replied conservative percentage based on inflation
and cost of living. Mayor Maurath asked the Board if there were any concerns with a four percent (4%)
wage increase for eligible employees. There were no objections.


                                                                Budget Hearing
                                                              November 9, 2023

          Mayor Maurath stated he would rather have a flat dollar amount across the board for wage increase
          instead of percentage and feels the Board should consider that option.

          Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop reminded the Board that seven (7) employees will be at the maximum
         of their pay grade this year and will not receive their full raise. Alderman Clauss asked if pay grades
          increased as cost of living and inflation increases each year. City Administrator Nikki Finkbiner stated no,
         currently if employee reaches their maximum, they do not receive increase. The Board would need to
         approve a pay grade increase. The last pay grade adjustment was made in 2018 through CBIZ study.
         Financial                Consultant Tammy                                Alsop            shared            CBIZ sends a                         recommendation each year for suggested
         increase to pay range, however, there has been no adjustments.

         Mayor Maurath shared in relation to maxing out on pay grade, he feels caps should be eliminated. If the
         bar (target) keeps moving and being raised, why have it. Alderman Clauss voiced pay ranges cannot be
         kept at the same rate forever, it should change to keep up with inflation. Alderman Wisbrock expressed if
         target eliminated, it eliminates the range. Financial Consultant Tammy Alsop explained range adjustments
         change minimum as well as maximum. Alderman Huels inquired how that would affect new hires if there
         was no cap or adjustment to minimum, how would determination of pay for qualifications be calculated.

         Mayor Maurath stated he feels the Maintenance Worker I, II, and III distinctions/classifications need to be
        eliminated.

        Mayor              Maurath                suggested                 further             discussion                 on       the        preliminary                   budget.              After          discussion,                  it    was
                                                                                                                                                                            th
        suggested                 to      continue               budget             hearing             on       Thursday,                 November                    16         before           the        Board            of Aldermen
        meeting.

        There were no public comments.

        EXECUTIVE SESSION
        There was no Executive Session held.

        ADJOURNMENT
        At 7:02 p.m., with no other business before the Board, Alderman Cruts made a motion to adjourn the
        Budget Hearing. The motion was seconded by Alderman Huels. Upon a vote being taken, it was announced
        that the motion was passed by the Board ofAldermen.

(       __ ~pe                        s       mitted,

       Ja         .
           tty






                                                                                                                    Budget Hearing
                                                                                                                  November 9, 2023
